<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Prologue</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Prologue</h2>
<p>The world ended with a strike of a gavel. I watched my life implode, consumed by a raging ocean of pain and waves of regret. It threatened to sweep me up, grind me down, and drag me into the abyss of my personal hell.</p>
<p>From somewhere in the distance, the music blared, or perhaps it was laughter, echoing the words of Britney Spears singing “Toxic,” and I felt toxic at that moment. Indeed, that’s how she painted me before the judge with her crocodile tears and insidious smile. I was frozen, motionless, as the song’s melody matched my heartbeat—the rhythmic ta-tam-ta-tam reminiscent of Indian drums, Crazy Horse at Little Bighorn. My name is Custer; here I come.</p>
<p>Was it rain or tears streaming down my face? Focusing turned into a challenge, breathing a chore. The judge’s words swirled around, bouncing against the walls of my crumbling mind. The ground shook beneath me; my head reeled. Internally, a scream echoed as a cold sweat broke out on my forehead. I felt lost in anger and despair, the surreal sensation of being trapped within a painting of a vessel about to capsize.</p>
<p>“Jim? Jim, are you okay? Jim?” James Allen—yes, that was me at the beginning of Act One. I was present yet so distant.</p>
<p>My lawyer’s lips moved, but his words came out distorted as if he spoke through water. Time seemed to stop in that one perfect moment. It was a radiant day, with motes of dust dancing in the warm summer breeze, so unusual for London at this time of the year. My children’s blue eyes shimmered with tears, their love palpable, their fear tangible. The only sound that pierced the haze was their anguished cries as they were led away, each step rending my soul into finer shreds. I knew even then my heart could never survive that.</p>
<p>Nothing held meaning anymore. I was undone. As I gasped, the world tilted, and a bitter taste of bile filled my mouth. My gut clenched; my fingers felt numb. I tried to shout, but silence reigned. It was too late. The room darkened; faces distorted, reminiscent of the melting clocks in Dali’s persistence of memory. And then, internally, I was gone.</p>
<p>“…and we’ll present them with evidence,” my lawyer’s voice gradually intruded as I regained my senses. He droned on, reciting his rehearsed message. I wasn’t listening. Seated in a chair, clad in my expensive grey Armani suit, I rested my elbows on the desk, staring at the judge’s vacant seat. The room was deserted, except for me and my lawyer, nursing his defeat and still billing me for his ramblings.</p>
<p>I despised that man. His professional detachment made me want to punch his ambivalent face. He was supposed to be the best of the best, but all I desired was custody of my two children, something that the vindictive witch had denied me. She spun a tale of abuse to anyone who would listen, claiming I was a violent husband and abusive father. Everyone swallowed her lies like a delectable mix of Belgian chocolate and refined cocaine. No proof, no evidence, just the crocodile tears of a shrew hellbent on ruining my life. And for what? A chance to live lavishly at my expense, using my children as pawns to secure a hefty monthly allowance.</p>
<p>She screamed, “toxic masculinity.” Is that even a thing? The judge just nodded in profound agreement as if he knew what she meant, seemingly communicating through some sort of cretin-to-cretin telepathy the moment their eyes met. The lawyers would appeal and attempt to overturn the ruling, but I knew it was pointless. I kept abreast of these matters. I had lost, and now it was time to pay.</p>
<p>“Leave me alone, please.”</p>
<p>“But, Jim, we could…”</p>
<p>“I said, get the fuck away from me. I want to be alone.” I lashed out at my lawyer, watching him pack his briefcase and stride out. Then, I was alone. I felt abandoned, not by others, but by myself. How had I ended up here? It wasn’t a mystery, merely a string of poor decisions and unfortunate events leading to losing what was the most precious to me.</p>
<p>I wasn’t bothered about the money; that was fair game. I had understood that when we married and out of trust, I hadn’t insisted on signing a prenuptial agreement. I suppose I was a fool, but not a complete one. I was a fool for her, working hard to provide what I believed she deserved. I treated her as an equal, dreaming of a shared future, of growing old together. What a load of crap. Times had changed, and I was the idiot believing the fairy tales.</p>
<p>With a sudden bust of rage, I kicked a chair across the room, pounding my fist against the table. I wasn’t angry at her; I was furious at myself. A security guard came over, politely asking me to leave. It wasn’t his fault, either. It was all mine. I should’ve listened to Allan, a friend I lost when I stood up for that bitch’s honour, dismissing the warning signs and reason. I had done the typical guy thing, thinking with my lower parts. I was a fair game, but not my kids. She had targeted them deliberately, seeking to hurt me and cash in.</p>
<p>“That fucking slut. I fucking hate her,” I slurred, nursing my second bottle of Jack much later that day.</p>
<p>“Come on, Jim. It’s time to stop now. You’re drunk. I’ll close up early and take you home.” Sam, the proprietor of your typical London pub down the road where I used to have my Sunday lunches, suggested. He knew the score. When you own a bar, you become a self-made amateur priest and a sage.</p>
<p>“Home? What fucking home? Didn’t you hear? I’m homeless, mate. The bitch took everything from me.” That’s when the full impact hit me. I slid off the barstool, collapsing into a heap next to the bar, and wept like a child. I wished I was one. I could’ve gone back to my mom. She would make everything okay.
%%</p>

</body>
</html>
