<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 1 - Perfect day</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 1 - Perfect day</h2>
<p>I stood by the windows, watching the rain. Little droplets refracted the light of the street lamps, creating a haze like a beam of moonlight. The cherry tree leaves moved in concert with the world, bending down from the weight of the pooled water, dripping onto the freshly cut grass.</p>
<p>Away in the distance, the radio played Lou Reed’s “Perfect Day,“ with the soft piano notes strumming my senses. It was the sound of my solitude, the palpable loneliness, like a butter spread of abandonment that one eats with a slice of bitter misery and pain.</p>
<p>“Who am I?“ No answer came. Only a vanishing mist on the cold window marked where my lips had spoken. Like that, I, too, was vanishing, fading into grey, into nothing, like a Visage song, turning evergreen while the band disappeared. Each morning, I found it harder to face myself in the mirror; all mirrors seemed to lie, showing me someone tall, reasonably fit, with thick black hair, blue eyes, and a fixed smile. It was all fake. Somewhere along the way, I had died. Whatever this existence had become, it was a universal joke called life.</p>
<p>Six months—or rather, six lifetimes—have passed since the divorce. She took me for half and then some, not even counting the children. I tried and tried again, to no avail. The court awarded her full custody, and she threatened police intervention if I attempted to see them.</p>
<p>Once, I had a nice house, a car, and a hefty savings account. She took most of it, leaving me with just enough to scrape by while I paid through the nose for child and spousal support. She didn’t work, so I found myself paying for her idleness. I thought I had been a good husband, but I had, in fact, been nurturing a monster.</p>
<p>This may be why I spent most of my time at the office. Being alone with my memories was unbearable, so I buried myself in work, taking on impossible projects. I had a monkey on my back, cramping my style. No matter what I earned, it was never enough; I always needed more.</p>
<p>One saving grace was advice from my grandfather. He was long gone by then, but he was a wise man—someone I could have looked up to if circumstances were different. When I was ten, he gave me a gold coin, an ounce.</p>
<p>“This is money, son. True value,” he said. I didn’t get it then, but I trusted the old man. As I grew up and began working, I put all my spare cash into gold coins and stored them in a safety deposit box at the bank under my grandfather’s name. The bank never asked any questions, and I never offered any information. Thus, I had a secret stash of virtually untraceable gold coins. My ex-wife didn’t know about it.</p>
<p>“It will be our secret,” my grandfather had said, putting a finger to his lips with a smile. It was something only he and I shared, and now it served as a nest egg I could use to start my new life.</p>
<p>The idea sounded almost comical—starting a new life at forty, with one failed marriage and two kids I wasn’t allowed to see. What would I do now? What more was there to live? Should I get married again? To whom? The whole notion felt alien to me.</p>
<p>They say, “Once burned, twice shy.” Well, I had been burned, grilled, and baked. I longed for something different but couldn’t even begin to imagine what way to take. I felt stuck between a rock and a hard place, paralysed by fear and doubt.</p>
<p>I shook my head in disgust, pushing against the window, denying such an existence. Six months had passed since the day my dream morphed into a nightmare. Despite everything that had happened, I enjoyed family life. Perhaps some people are just wired that way—destined to navigate life in pairs and raise their children with all the love and care they can provide. It suited me; I was a good father.</p>
<p>“If you’re not moving forward, you’re slipping backwards.“ The words of a wise drunk have been echoing in my head for over a month now.</p>
<p>My colleagues at work are mostly engineers; bless them. Some are married with families, some are single, and others are divorced. I joined the group of divorced ones, and all of them nodded at me with a knowing look in their eyes. They understood how I felt.</p>
<p>As long as I showed up on time and performed well as a competent engineer, nobody cared, and since the divorce, I’ve given it all my strength. In their great wisdom, the bosses bestowed upon me the Employee of the Month award. I was the first to arrive and the last to leave. I drowned myself in charts, graphs, and lines of computer code.</p>
<p>That’s what I trained for—to be a software engineer. I never considered myself a geek, but pursuing a career as a doctor or a lawyer just wasn’t for me. I wanted a good life and enough money, and the IT industry was growing, so I enrolled in the right school and obtained a master’s degree in software engineering.</p>
<p>I never considered it a cool profession, just one that paid well and kept my hands clean. The women in my life seemed to agree with that, but I was too busy with my studies or career to even notice. I could speak Java, C#, and NodeJS, the computer languages of my preference. Still, when it came to talking to people, I struggled to find the right words to make myself interesting to others.</p>
<p>In a corporate environment, people found me eloquent and paid me generously for my services, but outside, in a bar or a restaurant, I failed to present myself in the most favourable light. Certainly, women seemed to prefer lawyers to engineers. I could see their eyes glaze over, and their smiles became fixed as soon as I tried to explain my role as a solutions architect.</p>
<p>“You know how a house needs an architect? Well, so do computer systems. They integrate with others, communicate, exchange data, and process it. Someone has to think about all of that.“ That’s where I would lose my listeners.</p>
<p>Lawyers had it better; they were trained to speak and cross-examine, listen to every word, and watch body language so they could steer the conversation back to getting laid.</p>
<p>I knew this too well. My university roommate, Allan, studied law and always dressed well. Some people think law schools teach smugness, but Allan was born smug with a silver spoon courtesy of generational wealth. He knew he was superior to the others, and the girls he attracted seemed to confirm that.</p>
<p>Allan was a fun guy and a good friend. He tried to hook me up with some female students, but it didn’t work. It was me. I was a mute with two left feet, preferring intellect to posturing and chest-beating. Allan would laugh at me and shake his head.</p>
<p>“It’s a human mating ritual. You can’t change that.“ He was right, but I was a stubborn kid, trying to do things my way. Why should I pander to women when I have so much to offer? Can’t they see that? Isn’t that enough? I used to ask myself these questions back then, failing to realise their rhetorical nature.</p>
<p>I sighed, detaching myself from the window to make a drink in the kitchen. I despised the emptiness, the solitude where memories reigned supreme. Something had to change. That much was clear, but I was stuck in a rut, caught between comfort and laziness, living in a box of my own design, wishing for everything, yet utterly paralysed.</p>
<p>The worst part of getting divorced is the loss of self. I lived the fantasy, pretending it would never end. I lied to myself to justify my wife’s actions and ultimately paid the price when reality hit.</p>
<p>I’d sit on the sofa every evening, nursing my beer, staring at nothing. I was trying to figure out who I was, attempting to retrace my steps to the person I was before getting married. All I received in return were a few disjointed flashbacks, good and bad, without any continuity, like watching a movie made of cut scenes.</p>
<p>I rode the waves of anger and sadness, but even they changed over time. The worst part was making peace with what had happened and reaching acceptance. It left me rudderless; it made me lose myself. I became a corporate drone, accepting my role and life as they were without uttering a single protest.</p>
<p>The world and society dictated my place—work hard, pay child support, and keep my head down. That was the part I despised the most, where I lost control. It was a mental prison, waking up, brushing my teeth, heading to work and returning home. The days turned into a monotonous routine. I’d earn money and then give it away, receiving nothing in return, not even a phone call from my kids. She made sure that would never happen despite my numerous attempts. I was obedient and playing my role in a world bent on keeping me in my place.</p>
<p>Sometimes, I would fall asleep with grandiose thoughts. In my imagination, I would rebel and break the mould, but by morning, those dreams would vanish, and I’d revert to being the same old Jim, serving my sentence.</p>
<p>Perhaps that’s why the words of a complete stranger kept replaying in my mind. It all started quite accidentally. I joined the software developers for a team-building exercise.</p>
<p>“Just one drink, then I’ll have to head home.” I lied with such ease, fooling no one. Everyone in the office knew I lived alone without so much as a cat for company, but they nodded with sympathy. We all tell little lies to bolster our illusions and pretences. We all dream of something greater, but as the morning rolls around, nothing changes.</p>
<p>I headed to the bar to grab another round when a man bumped into me, spilling my drink. He promptly apologised and offered to pay, insisting on treating me to a fancy cocktail even when I refused. I was never much of a drinker, always preferring to stay in control, steering clear of anything that might alter my mindset.</p>
<p>The man I bumped into was a friendly type, large and heavyset, with a beard and an ever-present smile. I noticed a slight Arabic accent in his otherwise flawless English, and he wouldn’t take “no” for an answer. Perhaps that was a testament to my weak resolve, or maybe it was just his charming personality. Whatever it was, I found myself liking this man, and we soon began to chat and get to know each other.</p>
<p>Two strangers meet in a crowded bar and share their stories with a mix of frowns and smiles. Jack, as he introduced himself, was well-dressed and exuded confidence. His powerful voice reverberated through the room every time he spoke. On the other hand, I was the quiet one, recounting the story of my life to a perfect stranger. Some people pay psychologists to listen, and others confide in a bartender. I did the next best thing, unburdening my life’s tale to someone I’d likely never meet again. I needed to talk to someone who wouldn’t judge or advise.</p>
<p>In the end, Jack picked up the tab for our drinks. He looked me up and down with a sly smile, leaned in close, and imparted something that sounded like wisdom from a fortune cookie. Then he left.</p>
<p>His words have stayed with me ever since: “If you’re not moving forward, you’re slipping backwards.“ Was it the simple truth of the statement that resonated, or did it hold some greater meaning that required belief?</p>
<p>It boiled down to faith, and I had none. All my life, I gave my faith freely to others until none remained for myself. I did what I was told and followed their advice. I always looked both ways before crossing the road and waited patiently for the green light. I never broke the law or even challenged anyone. I was a good kid, a good student, a good husband, and a father, or so I thought. I was a reliable provider until suddenly, I wasn’t, and my world turned upside down. I wasn’t moving forward, and I could feel myself starting to slip backwards, just like Jack said</p>
<p>He was right. Albert Einstein once defined insanity as doing the same thing over and over again, expecting a different result. I needed to change something, but I wasn’t sure what. Fortunately, I hadn’t lost everything after my family was taken away. I was still intelligent and in reasonably good shape, earning a good income and being well-educated. That had to count for something, even if age and youthful ambition didn’t allow me to jump into something new without a care.</p>
<p>As they say, an avalanche starts with a snowflake. You don’t make big changes but small ones to start the process. Let the momentum carry you and build up along the way. Without conscious thought, I picked up my old leather jacket from storage and left my place with no particular direction in mind.</p>
<p>I had no clue or desire. I just walked. Aimlessly, I passed the supermarket and bought an instant lottery ticket for a fiver. I didn’t win, as I expected, but I gained the experience. Chance can be easily calculated, but not the sensation of the adventure.</p>
<p>The world isn’t just black and white; it’s filled with wonderful shades of every colour imaginable, every smell and taste under the sun. I’d kept myself locked away from it, afraid of a little rain. It wasn’t a phenomenon limited to me and a few others. Most of the people I knew, neighbours and colleagues alike, lived their lives half-asleep, imprisoned in their routines. The nine-to-five life, then mowing the grass on Sunday, changing the linen, airing your clothes in the garden.</p>
<p>Sunday lunch with your family and a few drinks with the locals down the road before the cycle repeats itself, then come the holidays. Christmas is a time for gifts, Halloween for the kids, and once a year, you jump on a plane with the family to sip cocktails on a beach. That was my life. It was the same for everyone, save for a few minor differences. Trains are full of commuters, and roads are jammed with people going to and from their offices, oblivious to the world around them. They’ve switched off their minds, balancing checks in their heads or drifting somewhere until they return home to eat and flop on the sofa to watch the news or some other opiate for the masses.</p>
<p>When tragedy strikes, you lose that golden thread, and you go through the motions fully alert. You look at life with a fresh pair of eyes and start to notice the zombies walking around you, surviving day by day. I used to be one of them and still was enslaved by my routine. That’s why the police seldom patrol the suburbs. Everything is predictable.</p>
<p>It might seem sad to observe how excited I was, doing something different as I walked down the street, clutching the losing lottery ticket in my hand. But I had done something different. For the first time in my adult life, I dared to succumb to something irrational. Mathematics was a big part of my education, and I knew how pointless it was to gamble. Once, I took my ex to Las Vegas for an adventure and ended up in a fight, explaining how foolish it was to play.</p>
<p>She gave me a lecture about roulette, claiming that if you consistently put money on red and doubled, you were bound to win at some point because you had a fifty per cent chance to double. This wasn’t accurate, of course, because there’s the zero, a green number, which presents a three to five per cent chance of losing either way, depending on whether you play at an American or European table. None of that dissuaded her from throwing the cash away, giving me the silent treatment.</p>
<p>As it turns out, she was right. There’s more to playing the game than just the odds. While I waited for the computer to decide my fate for a split second, I felt something different, a touch of whimsy, a fraction of a dream before it predictably ended the way I’d calculated. It was a silly risk to take, but I did it anyway, not for the chance of winning, but for the opportunity to try something different, to break up the routine.</p>
<p>Some people might laugh at me for assigning such significance to such a small thing, but I was a kid again for a fleeting moment, looking at the world with a sense of wonder. I’d had a taste of the proverbial apple, and I wanted more.</p>
<p>That night, as I lay in bed looking at the ceiling, sleep eluded me. I was a smart guy who could see the problem, but I was paralysed with fear and doubt. It was the comfort of middle age, the years of doing the same thing over and over. I knew how it ended, but I felt incapable of pulling out of it. It was like gravity, drawing me back into the stream, pushing me into a routine — check-in, check-out, clock your time, eat, sleep, then go for another round.</p>
<p>I yearned for something different each night, and each morning, I forgot about that yearning. I brushed my teeth, showered, dressed, and got in my car. My thoughts focused on the day’s tasks, but in the evening, I remembered again.</p>
<p>It takes effort to swim against the stream, to push through and reach for what you want. I was raised in a broken home by a single mother without a male role model. She sent me off to nannies and kindergartens, tired and overworked. But what does a woman know about raising a male child? It’s like a man claiming to understand how it is to be a woman.</p>
<p>My mother did the best she could with the resources she had. We weren’t poor or anything. She raised a boy alone and did a decent job, but deep inside my heart, I felt a void. I watched the other kids pack the car for a camping trip. I had never been on one, and my mom was horrified by the idea of me joining the Boy Scouts or a martial arts program. She wouldn’t even buy me a bicycle.</p>
<p>I wished more than anything to have my own family, a loving wife and kids, to take them camping and love someone with all my heart, receiving the same love back. That’s how I got trapped. Ladies mostly avoided me, not because of my looks but because of a lack of something I failed to understand.</p>
<p>“You’re a great guy, an amazing listener, but I don’t see you that way.“ If I had a buck for each time I heard that. I wasn’t gay, but most women saw me as their gay friend. They liked me and flirted but always went with the guy who was wrong for them. Then, they hugged me months later, saying, “Why can’t all men be like you, Jim? Why do I always find an asshole?”</p>
<p>The girls enjoyed my company, but none of them wanted anything more. I had a few short relationships in high school and university, lasting about a week, but they always ended the same way. “I see you more as a friend.“</p>
<p>When I asked them, the girls would give me a spiel, trying to explain why they didn’t want to be with me. I was a nice guy, but nothing more. I just didn’t spark their carnal instincts. I failed to understand how they wanted a good man who had their interests at heart, who would treat them kindly and give them the respect they deserved. The feminists outlined exactly what women wanted, and I followed it to the letter, treating them as adults and equals, but it failed.</p>
<p>Everything changed after I landed a job straight out of university. At twenty-three and still a virgin, my heart was pounding so hard I nearly choked as I walked through the massive glass doors and reported at reception.</p>
<p>“My name is James Allen. I am a new hire.“</p>
<p>“Please have a seat,“ the smiling receptionist said, gesturing to a row of plush sofas in red, yellow, and orange. It didn’t take long for a well-dressed woman to come and fetch me. She led me through security, where they swapped my visitor’s badge for a permanent one. I felt lost for a moment as I followed her from one corridor to another, trying to absorb everything she said as she pointed here and there, explaining which team was where.</p>
<p>An hour later, I was sitting at my assigned desk in an open-plan office, shaking hands with software developers. They were all guys like me, though all of them were older. I was the youngest hire because I had solved a difficult mathematical problem. Some called me a bit of a prodigy, but I just knew how to think. The company spotted me and offered me a job after a recruitment drive at the university.</p>
<p>Six months later, I was earning a fortune. After completing my three-month probation, my salary got a significant bump. As they said, the IT industry paid well, and I had more money in my hands than ever before in my life.</p>
<p>My expenses were minimal since I rented a studio apartment within walking distance of the office, so I didn’t need a car. As my grandfather had taught me, I put all the extra cash I made into gold coins. Sure, I could have kept the money in a bank, but what would have been the point of that? I was making much more than I could spend, and my appetite was still at a student level. I bought myself a brand-new computer and new sneakers; the rest I saved. Even the food was heavily subsidised, so I habitually ate in the canteen. As they say, a penny saved is a penny earned, and I believed that.</p>
<p>All of this changed unexpectedly one day. The company undertook a complete refurbishment of the canteen and outsourced the kitchen to a new catering company, which brought in its own staff. The crowd was younger, and the menu was varied with multiple healthy options, including salads and shakes.</p>
<p>The entire place looked modern, like one of those fancy bars with lots of light and cushy chairs. I worked for a large multinational conglomerate, and they were changing with the times, improving working conditions for the employees. Of course, I understood that it was all just maths. Statistics showed the average retention rate for the industry, and they aimed to extend it to keep us from jumping ship. In a way, the company showered us with gifts and incentives: training, bonuses, preferential stock options, and paid holidays. I had no intention of leaving. I felt cosy and comfortable, slowly on my way to becoming a millionaire.</p>
<p>I developed a routine. Arrive early and enjoy a fresh breakfast, then work diligently until lunchtime, aiming to be first in line. Every day at three, I’d take my laptop to the canteen and sit by the window with my headphones on. Working on a project alone, without distractions for an hour, I’d sip on hot cocoa with marshmallows.</p>
<p>At six, just before closing time, I’d order a fresh orange smoothie and a salad for dinner. I’d spend a few more hours working on my project alone in the canteen, pretending it was my office, until that one fateful day.</p>
<p>I jumped when a hand touched my shoulder, causing me to remove my headphones. I had been too engrossed in my work to notice anything or anyone around me. My eyes travelled upward and focused on the most beautiful face I’d ever seen. She was smiling, asking me something I hadn’t heard.</p>
<p>“Huh, what?“ I removed my headphones.</p>
<p>“We are closing. I brought you your usual. Is that okay?“ Her angelic voice rang like jingle bells and her mesmerising blue eyes. She was a five-foot-ten former teen model. All the guys knew about her. As soon as Tina started working there, it took only minutes for the guys to find everything about her online.</p>
<p>Of course, no one had enough courage to talk to a woman like that, let alone ask her out. Fostering such relationships in the office was inappropriate. In fact, the corporate guidelines, specifically the section on interpersonal behaviour, stated that employees were not allowed to fraternise inside the office and were strongly discouraged from developing relationships unless they were married. I was aware of all that, but it didn’t matter. I was merely looking at an angel, and she was smiling.</p>
<p>“Yes, uhh, hmm, thank you. Let me pay for that.“</p>
<p>“Don’t worry about that. The register is already closed. It’s on me.“ I’d never received anything from a girl before, and it felt strange. I was thankful and mesmerised. She smiled at me and strolled away. No force in the universe could divert my eyes from her sinuous figure, assessing her legs and her perfect behind. She was stunning, having just turned nineteen and bursting with sex appeal.</p>
<p>From that day, I made it a point to stay late. Sometimes, Tina would bring me the last order. I found it hard to concentrate, my mind wandering into the unimaginable.</p>
<p>“You work very hard,“ she said one day. The rest of the catering staff had left, and we were alone in the canteen. She stood next to me, studying my computer.</p>
<p>“I enjoy the view. It helps me concentrate.“</p>
<p>“What do you do?“</p>
<p>“I’m a software developer.“ I started my usual spiel, waiting for her eyes to glaze over, but instead, she smiled, her eyes widening.</p>
<p>“You must be really smart. I could never do anything like this.“ This was the beginning. Tina showed interest in everything I did, and we fell into the habit of spending a few minutes in the evening just talking about life and dreams.</p>
<p>“Your girlfriend is lucky,“ she blushed as she said it one day. I shrugged it off.</p>
<p>“I don’t have a girlfriend.“</p>
<p>“I don’t believe you. I’m sure a lot of girls are interested in you.“ Our conversation took a surprising turn, and for a few weeks, we discussed personal problems. Tina told me about her terrible boyfriend and how she suspected he was cheating on her.</p>
<p>The pattern was familiar. I was her platonic friend, a good listener offering support and advice, while the guy treating her poorly was the one she was intimate with. I didn’t expect anything else. If my experiences at school were any indication, this was where I belonged. Nonetheless, I was thrilled to have made such a stunning friend. Occasionally, I would catch myself inhaling her perfume and closing my eyes. Tina was exquisite.</p>
<p>She had finished high school and didn’t even attempt to go to university. The only things she was passionate about were fashion and travel. Tina worked as a part-time model, accepting jobs that paid a pittance, and also worked as a waitress, hoping that luck would be on her side one day.</p>
<p>Tina was enthralled by anything metaphysical, like palmistry, zodiac signs, and tarot cards. I can’t count the times I bit my tongue to stop myself from disproving her beliefs with mathematical evidence. Tina spent a fortune on a fortune teller who simply told her what she wanted to hear. She struggled financially and largely depended on her boyfriend for transportation and other necessities.</p>
<p>Her boyfriend was a first-rate jerk. It took me only an hour to learn everything I needed about him. The man had three fake Facebook accounts in addition to his primary one. If you cross-reference friends, it’s simple to identify them. All you need are three common connections to triangulate the duplicates. I wondered how people thought marketing algorithms worked.</p>
<p>People willingly share their information, posting pictures and secrets. A beloved pet’s name and birthdate are two of the most common passwords. I took a course on computer security at university. Identifying such patterns was straightforward, and most people made it even easier by reusing their passwords everywhere.</p>
<p>One day, Tina didn’t come to the office for over a week. I waited and waited, but she never came. I thought, somewhat cynically, that this was the end of our fleeting relationship, but I was wrong. She returned the following week, and I was tempted to rush over and ask her what had happened. I found the patience to wait until the end of the day.</p>
<p>“I’m sorry, Jim. I would have told you, but I don’t have your number.“</p>
<p>“What happened to you?“</p>
<p>“I broke up with my boyfriend,“ she said, her eyes welling up with tears. Something within me cracked, and, like an automaton, I stood up. She ran into my arms and cried while I comforted her, stroking her hair.</p>
<p>“There, there,“ I soothed. Tina smelled incredible. I yearned to tell her so much but didn’t want to break the moment. We stood there in a comforting silence that felt like an eternity until something extraordinary happened.</p>
<p>She kissed me! My knees nearly gave out beneath me. I had kissed a girl before, but it had never felt like this, especially not with a girl of such calibre. She was so far from my league that I was momentarily struck dumb. Thankfully, instinct took over. Like an automaton, I kissed her back, and then I kissed her some more.</p>
<p>“I am sorry,“ she said, her face flushed. Her eyes, as blue as the deep ocean, were wide, and her pupils dilated. All I could perceive through the haze were her ruby lips - so plump and succulent. I was irresistibly drawn to them, like a moth to a flame. She had bewitched me; I was utterly enchanted. Her spell had captivated me; I was her prisoner.</p>
<p>I closed my eyes, trying to fall asleep. The damned memories kept intruding. Every night since the divorce, I found myself reliving my past. It was an exhausting, gut-wrenching experience — good while it lasted, but I saw the truth when the curtain fell at the end. It was all a play, a deception. She had given me everything, only to take it back along with everything else.</p>
<p>I longed to experience love again, but I was heartbroken. The woman who cheated on me stole my life. I was filled with a mixture of anger and sadness. Some nights, tears were my only companion as I drifted off to sleep. At other times, thoughts of revenge consumed me. Her betrayal hurt me deeply, and the pain wasn’t fading. The constant churn of anger and despair left a bitter taste in my mouth that wouldn’t wash away. She’d emasculated and deceived me, leaving me in shambles. Yet, according to the judge, it was all fine. The blame was mine to bear. Of course, it would be in an inherently biased system, where the deck is stacked against you from the start. Perhaps I wasn’t as bright as I thought I was.</p>
<p>In the glow of the street lamps, I could see the lottery ticket lying on my desk through the shadows. Today, I’d lost, but statistically speaking, I was bound to win again sooner or later. The only way to win is to keep playing, to take your losses as they come and then celebrate. With that thought, I closed my eyes again. The ticket was a metaphorical snowflake, ready to roll down the hill and start an avalanche. Whatever the new day brings, I will remember. I will never forget. When all paths seem to lead to the wrong place, it’s time to forge your own.</p>

</body>
</html>
