<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 2 - Crisis of faith</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 2 - Crisis of faith</h2>
<p>They call it a midlife crisis, and perhaps this one was mine. Something inside me shattered that day. Three months have since passed, and I’ve ridden the wave, ensuring that each day stood for something different.</p>
<p>Every day, I’d go for a drive, allowing the traffic lights to dictate my route as I discovered unknown corners of the city. Come evening, I’d embark on a culinary adventure, sampling different foods at various restaurants.</p>
<p>Nobody paid attention to me; I was just another face in the sea of office attire. I didn’t initiate anything, merely observing and assessing. The world whirled around me in a fast-paced dance as I stood still, absorbing it all. Smiling faces, conversing faces, frowns and laughter—the grumpy ones blending with the boisterous ones. Each person had a story to tell, their dreams and challenges, hopes and disappointments laid bare before their friends and colleagues.</p>
<p>I’ve always been the shy one, the quiet one—the life of the party once I’ve been introduced. The prospect of approaching someone new, particularly a woman, petrified me. What would I say? What would come next? I was wise enough not to lie to myself. I wouldn’t make any friends unless I put myself out there. So, I tried.</p>
<p>At first, it was small talk with the tellers, a witty comment here and there. This went well, and no one treated me like a creep. For a month now, I’ve made it a habit to queue up and ask a random stranger, “Excuse me, do you have the time?“ Some would glance at their watches, but most at their phones. I would thank them and wonder how to transition the conversation from here. How do I express my gratitude and then ask them something else? It felt like an inappropriate segue to me.</p>
<p>God bless the drunks; they’re fun to watch. Every Friday, I’ve returned to the same place for weeks, hoping to meet my beer buddy Jack and share what’s new in my life. But no such luck. He never showed.</p>
<p>I didn’t waste my time, though. I savoured the buzz and sipped a cocktail through a straw, letting my eyes wander. The crowd was rich, beautiful, fit, and fashionable. It was a gathering of pretty people, coming together or alone to socialise, make new friends, and share a drink or two while exchanging wit and intellect.</p>
<p>Watching some of the most attractive women dressed in revealing clothes to showcase their god-given attributes was a pleasure. Some were tall and willowy, others curvy and sinuous. They were all akin to a fancy bouquet, boasting red-rose lips and more.</p>
<p>I didn’t want anything; I wouldn’t dare. The mere thought of initiating a conversation with one of them would cause a cold sweat to break out on my forehead. A couple of times, I even took a step forward and resolved to ask them about the time, but adrenaline froze me in place. My stomach churned, and I felt nauseous.</p>
<p>The vivid scenario replayed in my mind, the potential humiliation of being laughed away. Women half my age terrified me. Most of them were likely less accomplished or educated, yet they conversed with such ease. Strangers with oversized smiles and too-tight t-shirts to flaunt their muscles clutched their beers like lifelines, approached the beauties, and got shot down.</p>
<p>“Hey, baby, do you come here often?” I imagined them saying. The women would look them up and down, evaluating. One after another, these pretentious players were extinguished with disdain. This theatre of life, a place where people gathered to flirt, was a brutal enterprise akin to a no-rules cage fight.</p>
<p>Tall guys, short guys, muscular, pudgy—I saw them all approach the women, but to no avail. When the ladies‘ drinks ran low, they’d allow a gentleman to refill their cocktail glasses before shamelessly dismissing them.</p>
<p>A group of men dressed comically, with baggy trousers, shiny shirts, and sparkling shoes, seemed to have some success, eliciting smiles from the women. They even held their hands, eliciting laughter, but ultimately, they too were rebuffed. This zoo of human nature seemed to operate without rules. Everyone came for some fun; men were on a hunt, and women fished for compliments.</p>
<p>I observed this spectacle for days, trying to decipher the patterns so that I might learn from them, perhaps even replicate them, and make a friend. My wife had divorced me from sexual desire. Still, after six months without her, I began to wonder about the possibilities. But how could I navigate this chaos, this entropy that seemed to operate without rules or meaning?</p>
<p>There were no rules in this game except pure luck and persistence. The key to attraction seemed too inconsistent, too random to understand how any of it worked. If the girls liked a guy, he was in until he screwed it up. What did they talk about? How did they muster the courage to approach another woman after being so brutally rejected? It was incredible.</p>
<p>This Friday was no different. I arrived after ten, dressed in my best business suit and sporting the cufflinks I’d received as a birthday present, perfectly matching the gold watch I inherited from my grandfather. The timing was just right; the bar was bustling, and I could slip in and out unnoticed.</p>
<p>I adhered to my usual routine, battling the crowd to claim my spot at the bar and order some wine. It was a sensible starter before moving on to the cocktails. One must line his stomach for the long haul.</p>
<p>I sat and observed from my throne fit for the king of the losers, sipping my Cabernet Sauvignon like a connoisseur. Lost in the crowd, I barely noticed the music, focusing instead on the people and their intricate dance. Over the weeks, I’d grown quite fond of these fashionable crowds. They occupied my mind enough so I could forget about my ex-wife and what she’d done.</p>
<p>It was impossible to forget about my children, but I forced myself not to think about them. The pain was too much, and it sent me spiralling. I swore to all that is holy to get them back, paying through the nose for lawyers who kept repeating, “It’s not the right time.“</p>
<p>It was better to just sit at the bar, observe the people, and imagine a different life. Where did the time go? I was among the oldest, with most patrons in their mid-twenties. Strangely, nobody seemed to find me out of place. I was just that solitary drunk with a lecherous grin that was common in places like this.</p>
<p>I didn’t care much about that, lost in my fantasies. Watching the crowd made me feel relevant. In another life, I might have been one of them. If I’d had the gift of gab and more self-confidence, who knows how my life would have turned out? It gave me the idea to join Toastmasters, and for the last month, I have been a member.</p>
<p>Surprisingly, I had no problem speaking in front of an audience about topics I was well-versed in. I lacked the skill to convincingly fabricate and turn simple facts into captivating stories. I didn’t know how to capture the imagination and take someone on a journey. Perhaps I was too logical, which did wonders for my work, but socially, I was a nobody.</p>
<p>Many times, I’d start a grill in my garden and invite neighbours and friends while my wife served refreshments. I had no problems there; I could make everyone laugh and earn a few friendly pats on the back. But in the wild, like in a bar, I felt smaller than a poppy seed, almost irrelevant.</p>
<p>I cringed each time I saw a handsome guy approach a group of women and get rejected. Somehow, without consciously intending to, my mind would create images like that, where I was that guy, and I felt mortified. After a few months of regular visits, I’d pretty much figured it all out in my head.</p>
<p>Bars are businesses designed for people to splurge, buying drinks at ten times the price they’d pay at a liquor store. Men come to try their luck and ply pretty girls with free cocktails. The girls, on the other hand, come for fun, to show off their stunning bodies and the dresses they’ve chosen. They arrive to preen and receive compliments, enjoying free drinks from all the men.</p>
<p>“What are you drinking?“ A voice emerged from nowhere. I jumped a little, trying to regain my composure. Zoning out in a bar was my go-to move, immersed in pondering the minutiae of human nature. I could have bet my face looked comical as my eyes focused on the person asking the question.</p>
<p>Perched on the bar stool next to me was one of the most beautiful women I’d ever seen. She was around twenty and donned a frilly white dress that seemed a bit too snug, its deep V-cut barely containing her impressively firm and braless breasts, each the size of a cantaloupe half. She seemed tall and slim even while sitting, her long, perfectly sculpted legs slightly crossed, encased in silver glittery high-heeled Jimmy Choo pumps with crystal straps — a pair I’d seen in a shop for fifteen hundred bucks.</p>
<p>I swallowed, admiring her flawless, radiant alabaster skin and long neck adorned with a simple pearl necklace before my eyes met hers — two endless blue oceans. She focused on me, her ruby lips pursed, looking incredibly inviting, just begging for a kiss. Her face was angelic, complete with a cute button nose and a smattering of tiny freckles that made her both adorable and breathtaking. She was a knockout, her rich, naturally wavy blonde hair cascading halfway down her back.</p>
<p>This assessment took only a moment, but it felt like time stood still as I stared at her, memorising every pore, every sinew of her body, looking for flaws and finding none. She was perfect, as was her voice — pearly and seductive. Of all the women in the bar, she stood out by far and spoke to me, a middle-aged divorcee.</p>
<p>I nearly choked, trying to respond, as I inhaled the scent of her perfume. It fit her perfectly, overwhelming all my senses, and I froze, managing to squeeze out the name of the cocktail I was nursing after finishing my wine.</p>
<p>“Oh, I’ve never heard of that. Can I try?“ She asked, smiling. Before I could even process the question, she took my glass and had a sip, then smiled again, clicking her tongue. My body acted without conscious control, waving the bartender over. It felt like an out-of-body experience, watching myself order another round of drinks as she polished off the rest of mine.</p>
<p>Everything clicked all at once. I understood why guys queued up just to buy drinks for women. I was thrilled to do so myself, not to prove my financial prowess but to persuade her to stay another minute so I could revel in her presence, her pheromones intertwining with her Chanel perfume, making her all the more enticing. A vision flashed through my mind of me nibbling on her perfect neck. Had she asked for my wallet right then, I’d have handed it over and simply said, “Thanks.“ I didn’t care about a couple of cocktails; I’d buy a hundred if it would ensure her company.</p>
<p>She giggled like a child, extending her hand, and I took it in mine. It felt electric; her hand was so soft and feminine, with perfect long fingers and manicured nails. Had I been braver, I might’ve kissed it.</p>
<p>“My name is Lexi,“ she said, and I had to try three times to successfully tell her mine. She looked me up and down and ran her hand over my suit. It was Armani. I bought it for a wedding; it was my most expensive suit. I remembered the disagreement with my wife about the price when she insisted I purchase this one instead of a cheaper option.</p>
<p>“They look identical,“ I had argued, and she laughed at me. I hadn’t listened then. As much as I despised her for what she had done, I felt gratitude for her insistence that I buy the suit that this beautiful princess now admired.</p>
<p>“I’ve seen you here before,“ Lexi said, and I wondered where she had been hiding because I surely would have noticed her. One would have to be blind not to spot such a perfect specimen of femininity. For the first time in months, I felt myself getting aroused, and I blushed. Her hand gently touched my cheek to remove something from it.</p>
<p>“What do you do for work?“ was her next question. I struggled to maintain my concentration. Lexi disoriented me; she unnerved me. She pushed every button and set my senses ablaze. I was putty in her hands, enchanted, infatuated, engaged. As a kid, I heard my friends talk about the effects of amphetamines. I didn’t need drugs. Lexi was the intoxicant I desired, the saviour of my masculinity, my Jesus Christ in a cocktail glass. I kept ordering drinks. Oddly, I couldn’t seem to get drunk. Alcohol simply slid down my throat without any discernible effect. I was already intoxicated with something more potent.</p>
<p>I don’t know how it happened, but the next thing I knew, we were in a cab, necking like teenagers. It all happened so swiftly, and my memories came in flashes. One moment, we were clinking our glasses; the next, she was nibbling on my ear, whispering, “Take me home.“</p>
<p>Like an automaton, I took her hand, and she followed me. I don’t remember hailing a cab or giving the driver an address. My mind seemed to filter out moments too trivial to process. However, I could remember her taste and smell and how my hand trembled as I ran my fingers through her luscious hair.</p>
<p>My body was on fire, covered in goosebumps that caused my hair to stand on end. I could feel her breath on my face, the tremble of her lip against mine. Her tongue, soft and warm, tasted of cocktails with a minty aftertaste.</p>
<p>Lexi jumped out of the cab while I paid, then followed me inside, clinging to my arm like a limpet, like a small child stubbornly latching onto someone’s leg, demanding and screaming for a piece of chocolate—spoiled and relentless.</p>
<p>For the first time since I moved into the apartment block, I noticed the security guard. His eyes were wide and sparkling, and his mouth was agape. It made me feel powerful to make another man jealous. He stared at the goddess I was about to take home. There was no doubt in the guard’s mind about what would happen next, even as I found it hard to believe myself.</p>
<p>There was no chit-chat, no pretence. Lexi pulled my hand, losing her shoes along the way. In a haze, like in a dream, I followed, expecting nothing and praying for heaven. Surely, she was an angel.</p>
<p>I blinked, and the next thing I knew, I was sitting on a bed, shirtless, and Lexi was smiling, playing with my dark chest hair with her nails. For a man who spends most of his time seated at a desk, I was in reasonable shape. No shame, no insecurities; the look in Lexi’s eyes was encouraging.</p>
<p>My heart skipped a beat, and I gasped as I watched her step back into the light and slowly drop her dress. It slid off her shoulders like a feather, revealing a body crafted from polished ivory in all its glory.</p>
<p>My wife was a beauty, the most attractive woman I’d ever had the chance to speak with, and way out of my league, but she couldn’t hold a candle to Lexi, not even on her best days. Lexi was beyond stunning, a living fantasy. Even as she undressed, I felt as if I were dreaming. A voice in my head kept asking, “Why me?“</p>
<p>As my eyes roved her body, I had to bite my lip and say a silent prayer, acutely aware of the obvious bulge in my trousers. With almost reverential awe, my gaze traced her sinuous curves, stopping to imprint the shape of her perfect breasts in my mind. They were incredible, perfectly round and perky, with two pink nipples begging for attention.</p>
<p>Her abdominal muscles curved in a perfect feminine shape, ending in a smooth, triangular area with a single line. I had never seen a woman’s body like that before. It was smooth, almost virginal, with a single pink line promising untold pleasures. I had to swallow the saliva pooling in my mouth before I started drooling like an overly excited bulldog.</p>
<p>She approached me like a cat, prowling closer. I could swear I even heard her growl, or maybe I was just imagining things. My entire body was on edge, about to explode. My breath came in gasps as she lay on top of me, and I felt her warm skin for the first time. It was like heaven, like all the worries and self-doubt I had just evaporated. Tina who? I struggled to remember my ex-wife’s name as if she existed in some dream that ended in a nightmare.</p>
<p>I had never experienced something like this before, where every molecule in my body seemed drawn towards a strong magnet. I wanted Lexi more than any fantasy I had ever had. I never even thought it was possible to desire someone so much. It was a hunger unlike any other, as if I had been starving my entire life, lost in a forest until, by some form of magic, I stumbled upon a banquet.</p>
<p>Lexi’s scent intoxicated me. I felt my muscles tremble as I inhaled it. We kissed, and my hands found their way to her perfect breasts. They were the best I had ever touched - soft, firm, and perfect. Underneath my fingers, I felt her nipples, akin to two Staedtler pencil erasers, begging for kisses, pleading for lips to envelop them.</p>
<p>How could anyone resist that? Deep within the most primitive part of my mind, far beneath the surface, I felt something rising, something carnal and unstoppable. I wanted to lavish attention on Lexi’s nipples without thought or reason. Summoning all my strength, I rolled her onto her back and attacked. I feasted on her two perfect globes and their pink peaks, antennas broadcasting her horniness.</p>
<p>How she looked at me, I knew I couldn’t stop now. I crossed the line and became a beast hungering for Lexi’s flesh. Her taste was divine, and I tried to put her whole tit in my mouth, sucking and slobbering like a starving beast.</p>
<p>I felt my excitement rise as my heart thumped like Indian drums. Clearly, I was on some kind of a war path. Divide and conquer, turn left or right. Choices, choices. As I sucked on the right nipple, I longed for the left one. Hands down, beyond any doubt, I was more aroused than ever in my life. There was something so decadent about Lexi, something nasty, covered in filth like melted chocolate. Maybe the way she moaned or how her body responded. It sucked me in like a whirlpool, and I was drowning; then suddenly, something terrible happened, and my cock started to convulse.</p>
<p>Blast after blast of my fresh cum spilt right into my pants, making a big wet stain in front. I almost screamed and died. My heart stopped for a moment. It had never happened to me before, but I never felt so good, either.</p>
<p>Red hot lava of embarrassment broke out all over my face. I prayed to god to send me an earthquake so I could slip into the ground and hide myself in the flames of hell. Of course, I’d screw up. It was all too good to last. A million thoughts in which I chastised myself rushed like water from a collapsed dam straight into my head.</p>
<p>I wanted to scream; I wanted to cry. I wanted to shout, “why?” What have I done to the universe to play such a cruel prank on my life? I wanted to die from embarrassment. All the stories one hears about guys like that and laughs. It wasn’t funny now; it was unthinkable. My panic spiralled. It took me a moment to realise that Lexi got up and pulled my hand.</p>
<p>“Come with me,” she said with a mischievous smile. Why wasn’t she appalled? She found the humour instead, giggling like a kid as she went to the bathroom and started the water. I just stood there like an imbecile, watching her make the bubbles inside a fancy bathtub, a pleasure that used to be only mine.</p>
<p>I don’t know why I always loved taking baths instead of showers. I’d sit inside, enjoy the heat and sip cold wine. Lexi somehow figured it out, perhaps after discovering a selection of bath salts. It was my guilty pleasure. I always had a thing for nice scents. Some people are visual, others are kinesthetic. I was the odd one out, the olfactory guy, going for the scents, and Lexi smelled divine.</p>
<p>“Do you have something to drink?” She asked, and I almost jumped. I almost ran on autopilot into the kitchen, mumbling, “I can do that.” It was all a haze, a dreamlike state, but I could serve a drink, just like I would for myself. Out of a wine fridge, I picked the one I saved and pulled out some ice cubes, making a pitcher of cocktails in a minute.</p>
<p>I lost track of time, but I could swear only a few minutes passed before I returned to the bathroom with a platter carrying wine, cocktail, glasses, and some strawberries and honey. It was an odd mix, but I didn’t plan for the company. I stood by the door, frozen, watching Lexi inside the bath. How could someone look even more beautiful, enjoying scented water with closed eyes?</p>
<p>She opened them and smiled, and I almost died. Instant bliss on tap. I felt goosebumps break out all over my back. She tapped the water, and I undressed faster than Superman. Only seconds later, I was sitting on the other side, our legs touching each other’s. For the briefest moment, I considered maybe I had passed out and never gone anywhere. None of this made any sense, looking more like the script of some romantic theatre play. Why would a woman like this come with me? Why would she even talk to me? I knew at that moment that I had to stop thinking, or I would get a migraine.</p>
<p>“Massage my feet,” she said with a smile, lifting her foot up and depositing it into my hands. I never massaged anyone, but that wouldn’t stop me from doing my best. My mind worked overtime trying to remember all the techniques when I took my wife to Thailand, and she fell asleep in a massage chair.</p>
<p>Lexi had small feet, so perfect and feminine. Her toenails were manicured, and she had a little golden ring on her toe. She closed her eyes and purred like a cat as my fingers kneaded her supple flesh. I was still dying from embarrassment, determined to make it up to her in any way.</p>
<p>Never before have I thought about feet. I knew it was a common fetish, but until that moment, I thought it was perverted, did nothing to me, even put me off a little. All of it changed when I heard Lexi moan and arch her back. She was so sexy and gorgeous. I couldn’t stop looking at her. Out of nowhere, I had this weird desire to taste her flesh and tentatively put one of her toes in my mouth and licked on it.</p>
<p>A tremor went through Lexi’s body, and she moaned louder. I took it as encouragement, let loose my inhibitions, and did something I couldn’t imagine. She moaned as I sucked on her foot and her toes, using my tongue to massage her, never losing my view. Never before did I see a woman so aroused, so turned on and open this way.</p>
<p>Lexi’s hand snuck down between her legs, and she rubbed her clit as I sucked on her toes. What I was doing turned her on, and she was trying to cum. Inside my mind, I found repentance, thinking that if I pleased her this way, she would forget my mishap and wouldn’t think of me as a lesser man.</p>
<p>Despite being married for years, I wasn’t very sexually experienced. Tina enjoyed sex, but apparently not with me. There was no telling how long she cheated on me with her ex-boyfriend, the man she hated, the bastard who treated her like garbage. I gave her everything: fashionable clothes, a beautiful home, exotic vacations, and anything she wanted. Tina gave me two kids but a little more. While we dated, it was all perfect, progressively getting worse after exchanging our marital vows.</p>
<p>I sucked on Lexi’s toes like possessed, watching her finger frantically rub on her little pink nub of pleasure. I didn’t want to miss a single moment. From years of experience, I knew this was a once-in-a-lifetime moment. I took it all in, savouring every lascivious bit.</p>
<p>Lexi arched her back, and I saw her tremble. She bit on her lip and moaned, then she gasped and screamed. I felt her bounce and shake, cum like a train. At this very moment, it hit me. I was addicted. For the rest of my life, I knew I wanted nothing more than to watch a woman orgasm. It was incredible, the pleasure she expressed, and I helped. It became a matter of my personal pride. I could point at her inside my mind and say, “I did that.”</p>
<p>Suddenly, breaking my fantasy, Lexi turned around, and before I could figure out what was happening, she had my cock in her mouth and sucked. I almost screamed in surprise mixed with a sudden pleasure and instant high I got as I looked into her eyes. They were full of wanton lust and relentless purpose.</p>
<p>The brain comes in the way, but the body remembers. It reacts like it did when I was a caveman. In a split second, my cock turned into a crankshaft designed for pistoning in and out at high revs of a racing car. Her tongue on my engorged head sent shivers down my spine, so intense that my muscles seized and my mind went blank.</p>
<p>In less than a minute, I became a caveman, an X-rated version of Fred Flintstone, ready to mate. At the peak of my excitement, everything suddenly stopped. Lexi looked at me like a minx and smiled.</p>
<p>“I want you to fuck me,” she said, so innocent, like a kid asking for candy from her parents. It just added to the excitement. Dark thoughts formed inside my head. I wanted to take her, defile her, and use her in the worst way.</p>
<p>We got up, had a quick shower and dried. I was going on automatic, so the destination didn’t matter. All roads led to one place, and my mind was laser-focused. I’d carry Lexi like a fireman if I had to, and I would take pleasure in it. She led me instead, and I followed, gladly without a care, until I saw the bedroom and my mind reset.</p>
<p>I remembered the moment I came inside my pants. They were still on the floor with a dark stain on the crotch. “What if I cum early again?” The doubt entered my thoughts. I could feel the heat on my face, the return of the embarrassment, and what just a moment ago felt like a steel pole turned into overcooked spaghetti inside a moment.</p>
<p>Lexi lay on the bed, spreading her legs wide. I could see her pussy lips open, and her perfect pink flower expose itself to the air. It was the most beautiful sight in the universe, but it made me even more nervous. Although I just came earlier, I was sure I would blast again in a moment. One time was enough to send me spiralling. I didn’t want her to laugh at me or go home and leave me.</p>
<p>In sheer panic, I came up with a plan and quickly knelt by the bed to remove my flaccid organ from her sight, then buried my face between her legs and lapped for a deer life. I wanted to make her cum, on my own without her fingers. I wanted to give her at least one orgasm to make up for the evident failure.</p>
<p>She smelled perfectly and tasted like rose petals. I licked her pussy, savouring that taste. Where was I all my life? This was what I was made to do. God, if there is such a thing, created me for this purpose alone. At least it felt that way, and my cock got hard again.</p>
<p>Without the imminent threat of sex and unavoidable failure, my body reacted the way it was designed, letting go of the thoughts that destroyed me. I could feel Lexi’s trembling and hear her screams. She had a super sensitive clit, so with a thumb, I pulled her clitoral hood up, exposing a tiny pink nub, and then I attacked it with my tongue.</p>
<p>She gave a little yelp, and her body shuddered, but I didn’t care. I was in the zone. Her shaking got stronger, and her hips gyrated, chasing my mouth with her pubic mound, asking for more. It reminded me of a scene from the Oliver Twist film with the kid saying, “Please, sir. Can I have some more?” I gave her everything, and she finally screamed, trapping my head with her thighs while she bounced.</p>
<p>It turned me on and excited me. For some unknown reason, it made me feel like a man. Maybe I was a premature ejaculator, but at least I could make her cum at least once, and judging by her reaction, it was a big one. Quietly, I thanked myself for studying how to please women, reading books on it and articles, all in an attempt to coax my ex into more sex. It failed, and I gave up trying, but this was different. It was a reward and justification for everything. It was her, not me.</p>
<p>For some reason, I felt less of a loser than a man who gave an orgasm to a goddess. That had to count for something. It gave me enough confidence to come up on top and take what I wanted.</p>
<p>I stuck my cock into Lexi’s pussy and felt the best sensation on the planet. It was hot and tight, made of pink velvet, so I pumped. She opened her eyes and met mine, then we kissed while I went on like a machine fucking her without a thought or a purpose. It just felt fantastic, the best sensation ever, but as soon as my orgasm started approaching, my worries returned.</p>
<p>Lexi loved it, moving her hips in concert with mine, meeting my thrusts, allowing my cock to penetrate her deeper. My balls whipped her ass as I pounded her like a maniac who escaped a life sentence, but as soon as my orgasm approached, my cock softened.</p>
<p>“Oh, no, I’m going to cum again. Please, no, stay hard, think of something else, focus.” I lost control in panic, and my cock got softer. That was it, I would cum again, and she would think I was a loser. Self-sabotage; that was my name. It took me a moment before I could understand what she said. Lexi pulled me closer, encouraging me.</p>
<p>“Please, Jim. Cum inside me. I want to feel your semen. Please fuck me hard, cum in me.” I never heard anyone say anything like this, and my cock got hard again. The vision of me filling her pussy with sperm overwhelmed my senses, so I pumped without care. I wanted to give her what she wanted, and I pumped like a monster, jackhammering her like a quarterback on a prom night.</p>
<p>It didn’t take long for me to cum, and I screamed. I felt my cock twitch as my sperm erupted from in, painting her ovaries. Noting existed, but that. I pumped and smacked my cock inside, letting loose of my essence until my balls emptied, and I collapsed on the bed.</p>
<p>“Thank you,” she said, cuddling up to me and kissing my cheek. I was too far away to respond, sitting on a beach of some distant planet. In this world, things like this didn’t happen to me. I knew at that moment that I had been abducted by aliens. They took me to a place where I was surrounded by angels.</p>
<p>“I’m sorry,” I said, summoning enough strength to express my feelings. Lexi smiled and kissed my cheek.</p>
<p>“For what?”</p>
<p>“You know, I mean, you didn’t.” This made her giggle, and she bit my earlobe.</p>
<p>“Don’t worry so much about the details. Enjoy yourself.” The wisest words were never spoken. I was consumed with my insecurities to truly appreciate what was before my nose.</p>
<p>This incredible woman enjoyed herself. She wanted to please me, and I wanted to please her as well. If I didn’t cum, it would still be the best sex I’ve ever had by a wide margin. She was telling me to let go and enjoy the experience. Life trains you to pursue goals, a climax of sorts in everything, the best job, the best house, the best car, and like this to infinity, losing track of what really matters, the moment you’re in.</p>
<p>All my life, I’ve heard the same proverb, carpe diem, live in the moment, but I never understood it until Lexi taught me what it meant. Some things can only be learned on your own skin. I closed my eyes and smiled with the most beautiful woman wrapped around my chest.</p>
<p>“Don’t fall asleep now,” she said with a giggle. “We’re not done until you make me cum at least three more times.” She bit my ear lobe and slid down, then put my cock into her mouth and sucked. I was hard in a minute, ready to ride her till I died. I didn’t want to sleep. All I wanted to do was fuck this gorgeous creature.</p>
<p>Lexi climbed back on the bed and put herself into a doggy position with her hands pulling on her butt cheeks. Her pussy opened, and I saw her pink hole. It winked at me as if to say, “Come hither.” Who was I to say no to that?</p>
<p>When I opened my eyes, the sun was hitting my face. It took me a moment before I got my thoughts in order. I’d say that I dreamed all that, but the bed was a mess, reeking of sex, and I smiled, replaying the night in my head.</p>
<p>I fucked Lexi what seemed a hundred times. She sucked me off and swallowed my sperm, something I had never experienced. She let me cum on her tits and on her face like a porn star. Lexi dragged me through mud, teaching me things I couldn’t even imagine.</p>
<p>Never before was I able to cum more than twice in a row, but I must have orgasmed at least six times. It must have been her pheromone or something. Being with such a hot girl would do such things to a man. I was a beast, an animal designed to fuck and procreate. Without a second thought, I ploughed at her, and she screamed and came. She came at least ten times. My ego ringed with self-satisfaction. For the first time in my life, I felt like a man.</p>
<p>The shower stopped, and a few minutes later, Lexi walked out, dressed in the clothes from last night. I stood up to kiss her, but she pushed me back, giggling.</p>
<p>“You need to wash your teeth,” she said, slapping my ass, sending me into the bathroom. I found it hard to stand. My knees buckled, and my leg muscles were exhausted. I fucked her so hard for so long without rest or care that I didn’t even notice how far I pushed myself.</p>
<p>I found her sipping a coffee in the kitchen. She took my hand and sat me down on a chair.</p>
<p>“You owe me a grand,” she said, and my thoughts swirled, trying to comprehend what she meant by that.</p>
<p>“A grand? What do you mean?”</p>
<p>“For last night, silly.” My mind exploded. I felt bile in my mouth as my abdominal muscles clenched. All of it suddenly made so much sense. All my questions were answered, and I felt lower than ever before. I was a fool to think otherwise, but my mind blanked, focusing only on one thing at a time.</p>
<p>“But I don’t have that kind of cash on me,” I said, and she smiled.</p>
<p>“You can pick it up from the ATM on the way to your office.” I just nodded and stood up, postponing the battle inside my mind. In shock and conflict, I turned into a zombie, following Lexi’s direction out and hailing a cab.</p>
<p>What happened next was covered with haze. My memories came back in patches. I saw myself get out of the car, typing my code into the machine and pulling out five hundred from two cards before passing them to Lexi.</p>
<p>“Thank you,” she said with a smile, kissed my cheek and bounced away. I caught myself staring at her perfect butt while she walked and swayed like a fashion model on a runway.</p>
<p>“Please take me back,” I asked the driver before covering my face with my hands, and I cried.</p>

</body>
</html>
