<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 3 - Broken</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 3 - Broken</h2>
<p>Minutes ticked away before my eyes as I sat, staring at a wall clock. At least I had enough sense to call the office and take a sick day. I didn’t need to add more grist to the gossip mill. It was already spinning at full speed.</p>
<p>“I slept with a prostitute.” My stomach churned, and I rushed to the bathroom, ready to throw up, but nothing came out. Lexi’s scent still lingered, further confusing my emotions. Never in my wildest dreams could I imagine I’d stoop so low as to pay for sex.</p>
<p>This was evidence of my worthlessness, something my ex-wife had often repeated. It didn’t matter that I was smart, educated, and accomplished. Nobody cared about that; they cared about money. Was this how the world worked? I wondered, and the more I observed, the more it seemed to confirm my theories.</p>
<p>Women dressed up, smiled, and flaunted their assets to the highest bidder. If what I’d seen in the bar was any indication, then we were all in trouble. Men better looking than me, well-dressed and confident, approached women only to walk away looking like dogs in the rain with their tails between their legs.</p>
<p>Something didn’t add up. The women didn’t want me, but they didn’t want those guys either. They weren’t interested in someone mature, settled, and educated, nor did they want someone good-looking, eloquent and confident. How was it then that there were about eight billion of us on the planet? Did men eventually settle for someone less desirable, a woman of below-average looks who didn’t have men queuing up for her? What happened to the beautiful ones? Who ended up with them?</p>
<p>“Apparently, I do.” The words left my mouth, making me feel nauseous once more. Lexi didn’t care about me; she was just running her business. It was her job to please me and get paid. Customer satisfaction survey? Five stars on Google reviews. Who knows how many men had the same experience? Was I just the wrong man at the wrong place, or was that bar I frequented the microcosm of human experience?</p>
<p>Suddenly, I panicked, remembering we’d had unprotected sex. “Oh, God!” Then, I vomited. Nothing came out, but I dry-heaved. Images of various sexually transmitted diseases flooded my mind, my limbs falling off like in zombie movies and my dick turning into a mushroom from genital warts, so I could reproduce through spores and never have sex again.</p>
<p>“I need to get tested.” It took me a few moments to find the right clinic online. Luckily, it was a walk-in place, and their website promised anonymity. I felt like my life ended. It seemed fitting—rejected, divorced, and now possibly infected with a venereal disease.</p>
<p>As always, I blamed myself. It was too easy, too simple, too incredible. Everything I knew about the world and everything I observed ran contrary to what was happening. Lexi seduced me. She recognised that I would be easy prey and pounced like a lioness. I didn’t stand a chance; she was too powerful, too feminine. God created men to rule the world and then made women to rule men. He gave us power, strength, and brains; to women, he granted the power of seduction, making them irresistible. All men were driven by the urge to procreate. Lexi understood that. It was effortless for her, like snapping her fingers. This same story has been repeating itself since antiquity, Menelaus and Helen with Paris stuck in the middle. Wars throughout history have been won and lost for the love of women.</p>
<p>It only took an hour to reach the clinic and give my blood. They took samples to test for chlamydia and other undesirable diseases. I was worried when I got there, but on my way home, I was scared. The brochures about all sorts of diseases terrified me, making me believe that safe sex was almost impossible. Even with all precautions, condoms, and care, you could still contract warts, scabies, or glandular fever and ruin your liver. The list was endless. Abstinence seemed to be the only surefire solution. In my state of mind, it almost appeared acceptable.</p>
<p>A few days passed, and I returned to work, nervously checking my phone and waiting for news. The nurse informed me that I’d have to wait about a week as it takes time to grow all cultures. I steered clear of the bar, halting everything. I wasn’t sure if I ever wanted to go there again. Clearly, I wasn’t good at socialising.</p>
<p>As the week rolled around, I nearly jumped when my phone buzzed in the middle of a presentation. I exerted all my mental strength to maintain an outward focus while my mind was a million miles away.</p>
<p>“All clear,” the text read, and I punched the air, feeling my fear dissolve. I did all this in the privacy of a corporate restroom, emerging without the heavy weight on my chest.</p>
<p>“I dodged a bullet there,” I mumbled to myself, contemplating all the terrible things that could have happened. I finished my day with a smile. That was it; I swore it was the last time I did something like that. Tempting fate was not a way to live. It was too stressful; too much entropy.</p>
<p>Day in and day out, my life devolved into a monotonous, comfortable routine. No significant changes or progress occurred, just the steady ticking of time, counting the days as they passed. Each day marked another tick off my lifespan. I was in a perpetual state of anticipation, perhaps waiting for the end of it all.</p>
<p>At night, I would lie in bed, staring at the ceiling, trying to discern the faint pattern in the paint, counting the tiny bumps until dreams carried me away. Deep down inside me, something caged awoke from its endless slumber. It yearned to break free, to scream and roar, but as always, I kept it leashed and controlled.</p>
<p>This seemed like the cruellest form of destiny. I could foresee my own future until the very end. I would age, my hair would turn grey, my mobility would decrease, and my solitude would deepen. My children would grow up without me, eventually becoming old enough to resent me. They would come to my doorstep to condemn me for giving up so easily, for abandoning them. I felt ensnared in a life that lacked purpose. Sometimes, I would ask myself, what is the point of life?</p>
<p>The worst part was that in my heart of hearts, I found myself reminiscing about that night with Lexi. Occasionally, I would catch myself inhaling deeply, trying to recapture her scent. Other times, I would chastise myself, feeling like a fool for having slept with a prostitute. It was all a farce, and I was fully aware of it. I was hesitant to admit to myself how much I missed it.</p>
<p>Lexi had given me something extraordinary: the best night of my life. I secretly yearned for it and loathed myself, not so much because it happened, but for wasting my life without ever having such an experience. I was in my early forties, feeling almost like a dead man walking. I knew that with each passing day, I would feel older, more unattractive, foolish, and far less capable. What’s the point of living this way?</p>
<p>I may have been a fool, but I wasn’t stupid. I was well aware that everything started with my father’s disappearance. My mother divorced him and cast him aside, then raised me without a strong male figure. She instilled in me the nurturing values of a mother: be smart, considerate, courteous, and intelligent. She was essentially raising a girl dressed in boy’s clothes. No wonder I had so few friends throughout my life. I was the smart one, the cautious one, always the one to defuse arguments. If I had a dollar for every time I swallowed my pride to defuse a situation, I would have been rich by the time I stopped being a teenager.</p>
<p>No wonder girls avoided me. I was filled with an energy that was more feminine than masculine, like a bland instant porridge made with water—nutritious but tasteless. My life offered me security through conformity. I did what I was told without question. Here’s the plan; now, stick to it. Would a man like me ever attract a woman like Lexi?</p>
<p>The question was rhetorical; I already knew the answer. On the other hand, I had witnessed countless men, far better than me, getting scorned by women half as beautiful as Lexi. There was some mystery, some secret that eluded me.</p>
<p>After spending countless nights perched in a bar, observing and analysing, patterns began to surface. My education had been rigorous and intensive—a bachelor’s in computer science and a master’s in software engineering. My entire life revolved around complex mathematics. I was trained and educated to detect patterns, calculate probabilities, and then design programs and algorithms to solve problems.</p>
<p>During my student days, I strove to excel, grappling with the challenging problems presented by the world’s leading minds. The Art of Computer Programming by Knuth, also known as “the bible,” along with books on CSP and Z-language and many more, helped me excel in my work, ensuring steady promotions.</p>
<p>Despite all of that, observing the intricate dance of men and women engaged in courtship left me feeling like a fish out of water. On the surface, it seemed chaotic, but certain elements suggested a deeper structure. It appeared to me like a two-dimensional graph, with events plotted along a Gaussian bell curve, mirrored positive and negative values in a sinusoidal pattern, rationalised to the highest common denominator. After days of pondering this, I concluded that I was missing an essential piece: the outliers. Those rare data points were key to making sense of the chaos I observed.</p>
<p>This line of thinking was intellectually stimulating but ultimately explained nothing. As they say, the proof is in the pudding. Lexi approached me because she understood something. She picked me out and had my number. Everything that happened afterwards unfolded exactly as she intended.</p>
<p>Over time, I observed countless guys attempt and fail with the so-called princesses, only to find an interest in average women—women you wouldn’t give a second glance to if you passed them on the street or even less attractive. They were often poorly dressed and exhibited awkward body language. When I saw handsome, tall men leaving bars with such women, I felt a pang of sympathy for them.</p>
<p>I’d seen these same men making moves on all the princesses just moments before, only to settle for the average as a consolation prize. Given the circumstances, they didn’t even need to try for that. It was just the game of probability playing itself out. I was convinced that if these men didn’t even bother with the chase and simply asked all the average women to go home with them, they’d leave within an hour, dignity intact.</p>
<p>Everything seemed skewed in a peculiar way. No matter how good-looking, articulate, or settled the men were, they could never measure up to those princesses. Nothing could reach them. I was convinced beyond a doubt that these girls were never alone. Someone was dating them. They were having sex with someone, just not with any of the men who approached them.</p>
<p>Night after night, I would torment myself trying to understand this question that seemed to have no answer. Invariably, towards the end, after exhausting my mind, my thoughts would circle back to Lexi, replaying every single moment of that night.</p>
<p>Despite all that I claimed to believe, the truth was self-evident. I lusted for Lexi, hopelessly addicted to her presence. It’s like trying morphine; once you’ve had a taste, there’s no going back. You’re instantly hooked, and she has become my drug of choice. Deep down, I was torn between the person I thought I was and what I saw as evidence.</p>
<p>I had enough cash to pay for Lexi’s time and keep her to myself, but my upbringing and the societal programming made me despise myself and feel ashamed of what I had done. It felt peculiar that the best night of my life would only reinforce others’ perception of me as a loser.</p>
<p>“How do I get out of this?” I murmured, with no answers. I craved the forbidden fruit even more as the memories began to fade. I was terrified that one day, I would forget Lexi’s face and the most beautiful night of my life. All I had were fading memories, and they all paled compared to that unforgettable night. Once you’ve had a taste, there’s no turning back. You yearn for more and more, but how do you go about getting it?</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>Almost a month passed, during which I tormented myself, developing an obsession with Lexi. I even masturbated to the memory. I didn’t need anyone to inform me that my behaviour was unhealthy, that I needed help, but where could I find someone who had all the answers? Resorting to lithium didn’t seem like a productive way of addressing my problems.</p>
<p>A couple of weeks later, I was back in the game, broken and ready to give in to the temptation. Regardless of what the world thought, I longed to see Lexi again. I had a plan, a cunning one. If she charged by the day, perhaps I could negotiate a deal with her and have her at my place permanently.</p>
<p>I knew it was insanity. It was the perfect formula for bankruptcy, but I was desperate to relive that experience. I was ready to do whatever it took to make it happen. Who knows, perhaps after a few months, Lexi might grow fond of me enough to consider me as a permanent partner. Stranger things have happened in life.</p>
<p>Of course, I recognised how manipulative my plan sounded. But in my desperation, I couldn’t conjure a better one. This was what I was trained to do—find a solution where there appeared to be none. Countless times, I wished we had never met, that I was left with my own delusions about life, never having experienced such pleasure. How can one return to the old and comfortable after having a taste of incredible?</p>
<p>The following Friday, after dark, I sat in my usual spot at the bar, sipping a colourful cocktail with a name I’d forgotten, scanning the people coming in and out. With every glimpse of blond hair, I expected to see Lexi, but she wasn’t there. Not once did I consider the possibility that finding her might be impossible.</p>
<p>Perhaps she wasn’t a regular, or perhaps a million other things could have happened. That morning, when she left, I was too conflicted to ask for her number, and now I regretted it—a kingdom for a horse, a world for the princess.</p>
<p>I passed the time by observing others, and just as I predicted, everything played out in the same way. In my university days, I studied fluid dynamics in a physics class; it was challenging and heavily mathematical. Some of that could be applied to the bar scene—people flowing in and out like two fluids of different relative weights, blue and red, mingling and then separating.</p>
<p>As expected, the men approached the stars, and the women accepted their drinks with smiles, humouring them for up to twenty minutes before sending them away. Then they’d whisper to each other, likely evaluating the dismissed suitors. As the night went on, I could see the men pairing up with the majority, the women who required less effort.</p>
<p>Only a handful of handsome men who courted the princesses managed to secure their numbers. But looking at the girls’ faces, I knew they wouldn’t even remember them. The only memorable men were the ostentatiously dressed clowns, the circus freaks on the prowl who managed to amuse and entertain. I couldn’t imagine any woman willingly agreeing to be seen with such men in public. It was cringe-worthy.</p>
<p>From where I sat, I could see several distinct groups of guys: the gorillas, who flexed their muscles, squeezing their beer bottles from nervousness until their fingers turned white—like people who’ve worked for years with jackhammers. Then there were the players dressed in jeans, white shirts, and polished black shoes, scanning the women for eye contact before smoothly making their approach, starting their gambits with cheap champagne.</p>
<p>Then, there were other types, like the bros who would gang up on women, the dancers grinding themselves against others, and the desperados, those desperate ones who roamed around saying, “Hi, can I buy you a drink, please?” All kinds of little groups convened there, each with their own dynamics. Some targeted the swans; others, the pigs. They were all hunters in their own way, each with a strategy that worked for them in statistically insignificant numbers.</p>
<p>The rarest sight of all was witnessing a guy pull a swan. I’d only seen it once or twice, and I was sure they knew each other from before. How was I different? I kept asking myself, a member of the club of one. I was older than most of them. It would be easy to throw up my hands, surrender, and walk away, blaming it on age or something else, but I met Lexi there.</p>
<p>For as long as I had frequented that place, I couldn’t recall any guy walking away with a woman like her. Despite her professional interest, I was certain there were other guys there ready to splurge any amount of cash on a woman like her. From what I gathered as I sat and listened, this bar was a favourite hangout for stock brokers.</p>
<p>It was no secret that these big boys were flush with cash, the big spenders, lavishly splurging their ill-gotten gains. The degenerate gamblers with cocaine addictions mostly hailed from Ivy League schools and the usual suspects. They knew each other and scoffed at the rest. Stockbrokers and bankers, the parasite wankers who always had enough of other people’s money to spend, produced nothing and sat protected, paying themselves bonuses from government bailout settlements. Add the lawyers to that, and you have the trifecta of decadence. All of them frequented this bar and cheered each other on. Yet, even they failed in their quest to take a princess back home with them.</p>
<p>As time passed, I observed the usual process—the pairing up and giving up before most of them departed. There was no sign of Lexi, and I felt a wave of loss and pain, berating myself for being such an idiot back then.</p>
<p>“Never mind,” I said to myself with unshakeable determination. I would come as before, hoping to see Lexi again. For a split second, I considered asking the bartender. I was a regular there, and he had seen me leave with Lexi that day, but I wasn’t ready to confess what I had done, afraid he might know she was a prostitute and that I wanted an encore. I chastised myself internally for being emasculated by life, for not having the courage to act like a man, for being raised as a pushover and letting others seize the opportunities while I watched cuckolded.</p>
<p>This was the recurring narrative of my life. Even at work, I had passed up promotions three times. Less qualified people received a bump and a raise because I wasn’t assertive enough to take control of my destiny. I was a pushover—the word that defined me all over. A mama’s boy, a loser, and all sorts of other names I got called depending on my age. Before I divorced, they’d called me “pussy whipped” around the water cooler. I wondered what they were calling me today.</p>
<p>With all the strength I could muster, I vowed to keep coming back to that place and wait for Lexi, whatever happens, even if it’s just to have one last drink together so I can thank her for what she’d done for me. However I looked at it, she had given me something incredible—an experience that showed me what could be possible. Even if it was just for one night, I knew I would cherish it for the rest of my life.</p>
<p>That night, I slept better than I could remember. Something inside me broke, and I let go of my fear. I hadn’t even realised how tense I’d been all my life, listening to people’s advice, letting them define who I was from the beginning. How would they know? I barely had an idea myself.</p>
<p>I yawned and stretched in the morning, looking around my room in a different light, feeling determined. For the first time ever, I had a personal goal—not just to get a good grade or earn a pay rise.</p>
<p>As I sipped my Nescafe, I realised my life was too orderly. I was a neat freak with a tight schedule, always buying the same food and always cleaning my room on the same day. What really separated me from an automaton? It would be hard to tell. I had every hour of the day planned out.</p>
<p>After another sip, I toyed with the lottery ticket I kept as a reminder of how everything started. My life was like a computer program: click-clackety-clack. There was no waste, no nonsense; everything in my life had a distinct purpose, no leaking memory or random code. That’s how I’d been programmed.</p>
<p>The news anchor on CNN was pushing some garbage again—an alien invasion using Chinese weather balloons or the war in Ukraine. It had just started, and we were suing for peace by fanning the flames, sending the fire extinguishers loaded with gasoline. Something inside me snapped, and before I could comprehend what was happening, I saw a mug flying through the air, crashing into my eighty-inch state-of-the-art Samsung—my purveyor of news and entertainment.</p>
<p>I was tired of the programming and people telling me what I couldn’t be; all those things I could see were always out of reach. I had slept with the most beautiful woman I’d ever met, and I bet none of my colleagues could boast the same. The TV fizzled and sparked before finally releasing its spirit. This stirred something within me, energising me. I hauled the carcass into the basement, returning home with a huge smile.</p>
<p>“Enough of that,” I said to the walls. I couldn’t explain what had gotten into me. I began pulling out everything, throwing it into a bin—the paintings, the plates, forks, spoons, and knives—everything that reminded me of my previous life.</p>
<p>I worked like a man possessed until the end of the day, then drove to a garage I’d rented where I stored all the stuff I’d taken after the divorce. I simply lifted the door and left it open, giving all the leftover items to the greedy and homeless, saying goodbye to the memory of a slow-motion car crash I called married life.</p>
<p>Somehow, that night felt much better. I lay in the bath, enjoying the salts and scented candles, replaying in my mind how I’d massaged Lexi’s legs. I rationalised my actions late into the night. I was still stuck in the same trap a year after the divorce. My cheating ex-wife had moved on, enjoying my cash and moving her ex-boyfriend into my house. My kids had a new dad, one who didn’t give a crap about them, while my ex and her boyfriend lived on my money. It wasn’t right. It was a travesty, and I was financing it.</p>
<p>Jack’s words rang in my head: “If you’re not moving forward, you’re slipping backwards,” that’s precisely what happened. Tina had moved on after the divorce and started a new life while I remained frozen, wallowing in my weakness and pain. I felt sorry for myself; I was always the proper English gentleman. That’s how I was raised—like a spineless mollusc unable to stand up for himself.</p>
<p>It would be hard to determine whether I was experiencing a midlife crisis or a mental breakdown. Lexi gave me the strength to look at my life from a different angle. It sucked. I was a product of everything that had happened—all the indecisions and all the compromises. I couldn’t move into the unknown while carrying this baggage. It weighed me down like an anvil chained to my leg, pulling me deeper into despair. Everywhere I looked in my life, someone was telling me, “You can’t.” There was always some reason why I wasn’t good enough or why my plan was unsustainable.</p>
<p>I knew I needed help, so I decided to get into therapy. I didn’t know if there was a support group for divorced men working in IT. Maybe something like Conformists Anonymous or Compromise Buddies. My life was marked by always choosing the path others had trodden. No Surprises was the best policy. I liked my life to be controlled, predictable and boring. I never considered for a minute that it would end in such a spectacular disaster. I was forty and living alone, like a teenager starting life over. It was unacceptable, and I had done it to myself. It was a textbook definition of a loser.</p>
<p>That weekend, I reconfigured my firewall, blocking Google and all other companies making money by tracking me online and deleting YouTube, Netflix, and all the news channels. I changed my browser to Firefox and my search engine to DuckDuckGo. I’d had enough and made it hard for temptation to poison my mind. I had had enough programming to last me two lifetimes.</p>
<p>The following week, I felt better at the office—more energetic and motivated. I wanted that promotion and a bump in my pay grade, not for the money or status, but for the sense of progress. I wanted to achieve something, even going as far as presenting the case to my line manager. Moving forward became an important milestone, a kind of yardstick to measure my progress. It was only fair.</p>
<p>That Friday was the same as the last one. I enjoyed myself sipping cocktails and watching the crowd. I could recognise some faces and gave them names. I never talked to them, but it turned into a game.</p>
<p>Over the weekend, I spent time walking and checking out new places. I went to a mall and tried on some clothes. I didn’t buy anything as I had no knack for presenting myself in the best light, but I did sit down in a barber shop and got a shave.</p>
<p>This was the first time someone else had shaved me. I always wondered what was the point, but then I figured it out. It felt great getting a face massage and walking out scented like a true gentleman. What’s life without a little whimsy? I discovered something new and liked it, promising myself a shave every weekend.</p>
<p>Using the map on my phone, I found a highly-rated steakhouse. I said to the waiter, “Your choice.” He smiled and brought me a large plate with a tomahawk steak. For the first time in my life, I ordered the most expensive wine they had. It was a frivolous expense, but I didn’t care. I was haemorrhaging cash so my ex and her boyfriend could live in style while I saved.</p>
<p>“What have you done for yourself, Jim?” I often asked myself. I saved some money, put it in the bank, and bought a few Sovereigns or Krugerrand, adding them to the pile inside my bank. I had to upgrade the size of my safety deposit box twice. Sometimes, it made me feel like a pirate with a buried stash. It was useless, as I had nothing to buy.</p>
<p>I was easily making twenty grand a month after tax. It wasn’t a lot for the industry, but it was not bad either. My expenses were minimal, a couple of grand a month. I saved the rest, converting the paper money into gold assets. I did this for a decade and still couldn’t find a purpose. I worked because I enjoyed the challenge, desiring nothing more than an everyday life.</p>
<p>For two weeks, nothing happened. I waited for Lexi, but she never came. I didn’t lose my determination or hope. Despite famous anecdotes, lightning often strikes the same place multiple times. This is physics one-on-one—all you need is the tallest place.</p>
<p>On the third Friday, just as I finished my final cocktail, I spotted a man I recognised. It was Jack, and he was talking with two princesses. The girls laughed and touched him, leaning in and whispering something into his ears. The girls twirled their hair, laughed, and turned their bodies towards him, one on each side.</p>
<p>“Hey, Jack. Jack!” I waved to him from the corner. He smiled at me, said something to the girls, and brought them over. They looked exquisite and were easily some of the most beautiful girls in the place. I recognised them from before. They used to come on and off and consistently rejected the men approaching them.</p>
<p>Both were blonde, wearing black dresses made of polished silk and fine lace. They looked classy and high-maintenance. Each had a wide silk ribbon around her waist, like a sash of sorts, blue and red. Their feet were clad in fashionable Cavalli pumps with tiger tooth sculpting and a coral texture. Both wore bejewelled necklaces, one ruby and one jade.</p>
<p>“This is my friend, Jim,” Jack said, introducing me to the ladies. I could see they also recognised me as their facial expressions changed. They checked me out from head to toe and didn’t seem impressed. I was dressed as best I could, but it wasn’t winning them over. Oddly enough, Jack was dressed simply in jeans and sneakers, wearing a white shirt with a red accent where the buttons met.</p>
<p>The bar had a strict dress code, and Jack was the first person I saw in improper footwear. It was all a bit strange, particularly how the two girls clung to him, urging him to take them home, but he shushed them.</p>
<p>I waved the waiter over and ordered a bottle of Dom and four flutes. The girls struggled to keep up with our chat, visibly annoyed by my presence. It was as if they were allergic to my appearance, fearing someone would notice them with me and later ridicule them.</p>
<p>My mind worked a mile a minute. Jack managed to pull a miracle out of all the guys I saw. The princesses never left the place with someone. They came to the bar to drink at the expense of men. My respect for Jack skyrocketed. He was clearly a guy way outside the norm. The image of my graph came to mind, and Jack didn’t fit there. He was somewhere beyond the top line, the exception to the rule.</p>
<p>“I wanted to thank you for the advice,” I said, and I had to remind him which one. We clinked our glasses and drank half of them.</p>
<p>“How did you do that?” I asked him when the girls turned their backs, and he laughed. Life had beaten me down enough, so I lost all shame. I would kill for the secret of Jack’s success, and I pleaded.</p>
<p>“What must I do to attract a girl like this?” He smiled at me, studying my eyes and sipping his drink.</p>
<p>“It’s not what you do, but who you are.” I involuntarily looked at my reflection in the mirror behind the bar.</p>
<p>“Well, I’m forty. I work in the technology sector for an international company.” He laughed at me, patting my shoulder.</p>
<p>“Not what you do, but who you are.” He stared at me for almost a minute, then shrugged. “What is it worth to you?”</p>
<p>“I would do anything.” My desperation was palpable. I sounded like a creep. Jack thought about it for a minute before pulling a napkin from under a glass on the table, signalling the bartender for a pen. He wrote a number on it and passed it over.</p>
<p>“Call this number. If you’re serious, someone will help you figure out who you are.”</p>
<p>“Do you mean like a psychologist or something?” Jack just smiled, pulling the girls closer.</p>
<p>“Let’s make a move.” They smiled at him, relieved it was over. Each grabbed his arm and followed him out of the bar, nibbling his ear and biting his neck.</p>
<p>“Lucky bastard,” the waiter commented, picking up the flutes and pouring the rest to me. I was too busy to answer, staring at the piece of paper, willing myself to memorise the number, etching it into my mind.</p>
<p>None of it made sense; I failed to understand. Jack spoke in riddles, leaving me to decipher them alone. I thought I knew who I was, but now I was uncertain. What did he mean by that? Did I have to be a prince or something? Jack didn’t appear rich to me; he was just another guy, like everyone else.</p>
<p>Why did the girls defer to him in this way? Were they prostitutes like Lexi, and he promised to pay? I developed a headache, escalating into a migraine, so I settled my bill and stepped outside to breathe in some fresh air.</p>
<p>After walking for about twenty minutes, I started to feel better physically. My mind was still in turmoil. Jack made it seem like he had shared a significant secret, but how does one therapist differ from another?</p>
<p>I guessed time would tell as I closed my eyes, resting them while the cab navigated the streets to bring me home. All I wanted was to take a quick shower and lie down in bed. I was mentally exhausted. That encounter with Jack and the two women had drained me.</p>
<p>It was the way they looked at me as if I was nothing more than filth. They didn’t even offer their hands to introduce themselves, as if somehow I would infect them with whatever made them cringe in my presence. They, indeed, were princesses. I had met hundreds like them throughout my life, in high school and at university. There were always girls like this, looking at me and many others as if we were filth beneath their feet.</p>

</body>
</html>
