<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 4 - Friend of a friend</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 4 - Friend of a friend</h2>
<p>The phone rang for a while, but nobody answered. I waited a minute and then tried again, but there was still no response. My old insecurities crept in, yet I pushed them aside. Faith is a choice, and I chose to believe in the decency of a man I knew almost nothing about.</p>
<p>After that night, I elevated Jack to the stature of a prophet. In no time, I found myself looking up to him. They say, “Don’t meet your heroes, or you’ll end up disappointed.“ But I wondered, how could that be true? Jack was the only man I’d seen in the bar for months who managed a seamless pull on the princesses—not just one, but two best friends. I didn’t know such a feat was even allowed, much less possible.</p>
<p>What kind of man walks into a bar only to leave with two stunning women, one on each arm? There had to be a secret, some clandestine phrase that drew beautiful women away from their pedestals and into one’s bed. “Abracadabra,“ just like in the Steve Miller Band song. “I want to reach out and grab ya.“ Since I met Lexi, that tune has played on a loop in my mind.</p>
<p>I dialled the number again. Still, no one answered. My desperation was palpable, and I couldn’t deny it any longer: I’d developed an obsession with a prostitute. From that night on, whenever I went to a bar, it wasn’t to observe people but to wait for Lexi in hopes of reliving the best night of my life, regardless of the cost. I was addicted.</p>
<p>What Jack did opened my eyes to his unique personal power. He didn’t seem wealthy or exceptionally fit, but his charisma was undeniable. It was an unmatched skill, and I craved it. I quickly realised I wouldn’t need Lexi or anyone else if I could channel Jack’s magnetism. I could saunter into a bar, pick the woman that caught my eye—a blonde, redhead, or brunette—and, if I wanted, make her my girlfriend. One thing was clear: I wasn’t looking to get married again. The cost was steep, but the learnings were invaluable. The lessons I gleaned directed my life.</p>
<p>It all began as an experiment. I needed to escape the solitude that was rotting my brain. For a year, I worked and brooded, dreading the thought of going home to sit alone. I’d stand by the window and watch the world go by. Even my meals were delivered via an app in this new age of convenience and technology. There was no risk of accidentally bumping into someone, let alone making a friend. As we advanced as a society, it felt like we regressed as humans.</p>
<p>A whole generation, the Gen-Z, became dependent on technology. It’s no surprise they seemed so unsure of their own identities. They had limited face-to-face human interactions. No wonder they appeared zombie-like. Maybe that’s what the “Z“ stood for, if you think about it. I felt for them almost as much as I pitied myself.</p>
<p>I didn’t seek what Jack had just to find a woman. It was about something deeper: the inner confidence of knowing I could achieve such feats. All my life, I felt rejected—by my father, mother, family, friends, and even bullies. To them, I was invisible, nondescript, maybe like an unsweetened porridge or a chamomile tea. They said I was the smart kid with a plan and a vision. That one day, I’d make it big. But that seemed like a hollow promise, a fantasy peddled to children that society kept reinforcing.</p>
<p>Yes, I earned well and lived decently, but when I looked in the mirror, the reflection was alien. Was that truly me? I felt so disconnected from myself. No wonder Jack found me amusing. I struggled to articulate it; I didn’t really know myself. Instead, I parroted what everyone expected me to say, like all the rest.</p>
<p>I began frequenting the bar because the deafening silence at home became unbearable. I felt out of place from the get-go, but it was better than gazing out of my window, getting lost in a void of painful, poison-laced memories. It was like consuming a dessert with a bitter aftertaste, slowly eating away at my spirit. I yearned for a world I dared not dream of, a life I felt deep down I didn’t deserve. Just an average Joe hoping for more, a worker bee simply doing as instructed.</p>
<p>It wasn’t women I desired; I just yearned to feel like a “man.“ But what did that even mean? No one in my office could clarify. Most were hitched to HR reps or secretaries, living lives similar to mine. Among them, I felt like the odd one out, awakened by the jolt of a painful divorce. I felt like I’d been thrust onto a less-trodden path, lost and afraid of lurking threats. I was clueless, uncertain about how to find my way out.</p>
<p>When I saw Jack, I craved the charisma and confidence he exuded. I yearned to be able to make new friends and approach a group of girls not for a date but just for a chat, to share a cocktail, or to enjoy a dinner with someone not tied to the office. I wanted conversations about something fresh, topics I knew little about.</p>
<p>Everything went haywire when Lexi entered my life. For a fleeting moment, I allowed myself to hope, to dream the seemingly unattainable. The intimacy we shared was unparalleled. Lexi instilled confidence in me, welcoming me with smiles and reassurances, making all my insecurities seem trivial. She reconnected me with that spirited child I once was, touching a part of my soul that had long been dormant. That made all the difference.</p>
<p>Everyone craves validation, to feel cherished, esteemed, respected, and cared for. Regardless of occupation, from a bin man to an engineer, we all yearn for the same acknowledgement. To hell with the world. I just wanted to feel like the king of my castle, even if that was just a one-bedroom apartment. Though it was mine, I felt like an intruder, stashing away painful memories in what felt like a glorified hole in the wall. It was where I slept but wasn’t home; I felt rootless in a space I despised.</p>
<p>Witnessing Jack’s prowess set my mind alight. I craved that sensation. Not the allure of beautiful women, but that brief, radiant moment of genuine connection, that instant where I truly felt alive, grounded in my essence.</p>
<p>This is why my feelings for Lexi were complicated. She unveiled a dream I considered out of reach. I was just another face in the crowd, indistinguishable from the next person, no better or worse than any of my peers. Quietly, I began to suspect that most people lived in a similar limbo.</p>
<p>Our days are a loop: wake up, shower, commute to work, collaborate on tasks, lunch in the canteen, return to work, and then head home. Those with families engage with their kids, tend to their yards, manage household tasks, sleep, and then the cycle continues. Day after day, we replay this routine, punctuated only by significant events like tax season or vacations. Whether lounging on a beach or partying into the night, we document moments to incite envy in our peers, fully aware they do the same. We’re entrenched in these routines, too mired in them to recognise the monotony. We all believe our lives are unique, but a candid chat with friends or neighbours would likely reveal similarities. They might paint a rosy picture, mirroring those perfect snapshots on Instagram where joy seems omnipresent and sorrow nonexistent. We all work hard to convince ourselves and others that our carefully curated narratives are genuine. Perhaps it’s just easier that way.</p>
<p>The phone rang, jolting me from my reverie. I lost my balance and toppled off the chair. That’s what happens when you’re lost in dreamland. Hastily, I reached for the phone and answered.</p>
<p>“Hi, I received several missed calls from this number,” a man’s voice came through, speaking fluent English but with a thick Eastern European accent. I caught myself forming an image of him in my mind, recognising our innate tendency to harbour unconscious biases. It’s just the mind’s way of trying to categorise and classify, slotting people into preconceived boxes and applying familiar stereotypes.</p>
<p>“Yes, hi. I got your number from a friend who said you might be able to help me,” I replied, feeling my face grow warm with embarrassment. If this was going to work, I had to be upfront. So, I poured everything out to him.</p>
<p>Dan listened patiently, occasionally steering the conversation with questions, allowing me to recount the events of my life up until the moment I got his number.</p>
<p>“What do you hope to achieve from this?” Dan asked, making me pause. I hadn’t truly pondered what I wanted because I couldn’t envision what could be realistically achieved other than some minor adjustments here and there. Ten minutes later, I was still listing all the things I wanted to change, all the mistakes I made that caused me pain. My life felt like a series of missteps, and I had the divorce documents to attest to that.</p>
<p>“Tell me, in your words, who are you,” he prompted. I was momentarily taken aback. It was the same question that had elicited a laugh from Jack when I’d attempted an answer previously. I pondered for a moment, then admitted, “Honestly? I don’t truly know who I am.”</p>
<p>“That’s a good starting point. We can work on that together.”</p>
<p>Short and straight to the point, we spoke for about twenty more minutes, making plans. Dan pressed me to define a goal—an idea of how I saw my new life. I racked my brain, but it came up blank. All I could envision was the pattern that had woven its way through my life, a downward spiral that seemed to swallow me whole. I wanted to escape it, to float to the surface. Whatever happened then, I thought I would be content with it.</p>
<p>When I was married, I made attempts to enjoy my holidays. After the divorce, I realised that my most cherished moments were those I spent alone. During shopping sprees where my wife would buy trivialities and write out postcards to send home—an activity she relished—I found myself alone. I would then venture on hikes or explore our vacation spots without a guide. The quiet felt comforting, allowing me to tune into the world around me without the relentless commentary my wife was fond of.</p>
<p>“I hate the mosquitoes. It’s too hot. My legs hurt. Why can’t we just relax? I despise those people. This food reeks. This temple is filthy. I hate the sand.“ She would go on and on like this, a lecture interspersed throughout. I did my best to tune her out—a skill some men, particularly those who learned it from their mothers, develop over time.</p>
<p>“Take off your shoes. Wash your hands. Clean your room. Did you do your homework? Why do I always have to remind you of everything? You’re just like your father. I’m so glad I divorced him.” Despite our best intentions, hard work, and various compromises, men often end up marrying women who remind them of their mothers. At least, this seemed true in my case.</p>
<p>After the initial shock of the divorce subsided and I was able to think clearly again, I began to draw parallels, noticing countless similarities between my ex-wife and my mother. I loved my mother dearly, but I didn’t visit her often. She despised my wife, and the sentiment was mutual, so I refrained from stirring the pot. Both women, in sync, would berate me whenever I showed the slightest enthusiasm. They made sure to shoot down any plans that hinted at making me more independent, be it starting my own business or buying a motorcycle. They labelled it “practical realism,” but their demands for compromise usually meant abandoning my ideas in favour of their desires.</p>
<p>Perhaps I was extraordinarily unlucky to be surrounded by such people, but I doubted it. When I stepped out into the back garden, I could hear the neighbouring couple arguing over the fence. It all sounded too familiar.</p>
<p>Since my divorce, I had ample time to ponder and analyse this. It was part of why I frequented the bar—studying how people interacted. I watched them wherever I went, listening to their conversations, observing their body language, and noting the little nuances. Gradually, I recognised patterns similar to those that had played out between me and my ex.</p>
<p>This was why I destroyed my TV, recognising that the root of the problem lay in programming. We sit our children in front of screens and allow television networks to educate them from a young age. The message is invariably the same—don’t try, stand up, or think for yourself. We’ve built a polite society replete with feminine values, while it appeared to me, for men, nothing. The loss of my children still stung—it was the bane of my existence. It perpetuated the state I was living in, enabling two boys to be raised by a mother similar to mine. I didn’t want them to live the life I had.</p>
<p>A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step. You can pick your favourite proverb, but the truth was clear and undeniable—I had to do something different to achieve something different.</p>
<p>In the words of Neale Donald Walsch, author of Conversations with God, “Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.“ I believed in that. The problem was always with me, not the women in my life.</p>
<p>I was a creature of comfort and convenience. That’s how I was raised. My mother shielded me from all the scrapes and bruises, always vigilant, ensuring my survival. She watched over me like a hawk, preventing anything terrible from happening. When I got bullied at school, she would swoop in and raise hell. Hell hath no fury like a woman protecting her child. She let me walk but never run. Like in the famous Pink Floyd song, my mother helped me build the wall.</p>
<p>Inside my box—or garden, whichever metaphor sounds better—I lived safe and protected from everything. I maintained a straight line, surviving but never truly achieving anything. My mother and, later, my wife ensured I didn’t get overly excited or engage in anything deemed dangerous, stupid, or silly. They kept me alive, but I wasn’t living.</p>
<p>Neither of them would let me buy that lottery ticket. I kept coming back to this point time and again. It wasn’t about the money or the improbability of everything but something much bigger. That ticket had become a symbol of my rebellion against reason.</p>
<p>A sure way to prevent a fall is to never run, to never climb cherry trees, or sit on a swing unsupervised. In the end, I realised this might be the core difference between men and women. Men need pain to pit their determination and will against others.</p>
<p>I often wondered how my life would have turned out if I had stood up to my bully and smashed his face, if I had found a loose brick on the street, placed it in my school bag, and swung it hard. As a kid, contemplating this filled me with a sense of power. My mother made sure I never entertained such thoughts again.</p>
<p>They call it “reasonable force,“ something that you apply when you’re being robbed. Judges interpret it as calling the police. Some cops will even laugh in your face when you say that you weren’t insured. It all boils down to money, but it robbed me of my life and my dignity.</p>
<p>Sometimes, I dreamt of being brave, but the world I built for myself ensured I stayed in my place. All the friends and acquaintances I once had vanished, siding with my wife in our dispute. She claimed I was abusive, yet I had never raised a hand in self-defence, let alone struck another person. They praised her for being courageous, affirming her decision to sleep with her ex-boyfriend in our marital bed while I was at work. The judge barely listened to my side. Naturally, I was bitter.</p>
<p>In retrospect, she did me a favour of sorts by eliminating everyone from my life. I was forced to grapple with the shock alone, to fight my first real battle without my mother stepping in and sweeping the problem under the rug.</p>
<p>When I paused for a moment, took a deep breath, and surveyed my life from a mile above, I could see all the minor things I could improve if I stopped justifying my actions to preserve my comfort and began acting instead.</p>
<p>Everything left to itself deteriorates. That was the crux of Jack’s message, and my life was living proof of it. I had always taken the easy way out, placing limitations on what I could do, say, or believe to avoid offending someone, saying the wrong thing at the wrong time, or doing something inappropriate and getting fired. Unknowingly, I lived in fear, constructing an intricate labyrinth to conceal my anxieties, neatly compartmentalising each one as “just life“ and accepting it as another immutable aspect of existence.</p>
<p>Breaking out of that mindset requires strength and determination, an active desire to change for a goal that sometimes seems elusive. Without a clear vision of that goal, it’s hard to commit to change and risk your comfort in the process. But when all you have is gone, and you find yourself at rock bottom, it’s easy to look up and realise the only way out is to climb. At the end of the day, to take that daunting step, one needs to have faith.</p>
<p>They say love is blind, and sometimes faith is the same. That’s why you walk into a supermarket and buy a lottery ticket. You know the odds of winning are as slim as being struck by lightning in an open field, yet you do it anyway despite its irrationality. Then, when you lose, rather than chastising yourself, you find a new path, an avenue that reveals an unexplored side, one you never considered.</p>
<p>True bravery can be hard to find—not the type that’s associated with going to war, but the everyday kind where you battle against the odds to become someone, to do something different, to break out of the maze, to gaze through the fourth wall and smile at the audience.</p>
<p>I didn’t know what would come of my agreement with Dan, but I knew it was a departure from the norm. Whether it was a mistake or a wise move didn’t matter. Like playing with a losing ticket, I recognised it as a divergence from the norm. I was uncertain about the life I wanted, but I was done with being the worst version of myself.</p>

</body>
</html>
