<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 5 - In at the deep end</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 5 - In at the deep end</h2>
<p>Only two weeks later, I found myself on a plane—a Boeing triple seven—headed to Miami. I booked a late Friday flight right after work, with plans to rest before meeting Dan for lunch the next day.</p>
<p>It was the first time I had flown somewhere alone, and in some ways, I felt like a kid again, embarking on a secret adventure with no idea of what to expect. The woman next to me rolled her eyes when I involuntarily giggled. There may be a child in all of us waiting to emerge if we just give ourselves a break from the roles we play. In a way, we’re all method actors in the divine comedy of our lives, especially as perceived through our children’s eyes.</p>
<p>Contrary to my expectations, my nervousness lasted only a few moments. I had planned to spend the flight analysing, but the hypnotic hum of the engines soon lulled me to sleep. I must’ve been more exhausted than I thought.</p>
<p>When I awoke, the flight crew collected trays, the seatbelt sign chimed, and the captain announced our descent. A rush of excitement flooded over me. I was embarking on something new, free from any angel or monkey on my shoulder, dictating my limits with their cautionary tales: “Don’t fly too high, or you’ll get burned by the sun.” Sometimes, you just have to challenge fate to rewrite history.</p>
<p>I’ve always had a penchant for pithy sayings and fortune cookie advice, yet, ironically, I rarely applied such wisdom to my own life. We all believe we possess vast knowledge, clinging to our beliefs as if they were treasures. But in reality, only our actions genuinely matter. That’s the divide between the real world and fantasy. For years, I wished for a different life, but I was ensnared by comfort and laziness. Contentment, it seems, is often enough for most of us. The “dish of the day” is often just a compromise.</p>
<p>Before I knew it, I was in a car the hotel had arranged. Miami was new territory for me, and the first thing that struck me was its distinct aroma. Over the years, I’ve come to realise every place has its own signature scent. This only heightened my sense of adventure. They say men never truly mature, that beneath their rugged exteriors lies an ever-curious thirteen-year-old. If that holds any truth, I hope it never changes for me. I yearn to view the world with the unburdened eyes of a child, free from past regrets and disappointments.</p>
<p>Now, in my forties, I find it peculiar how I can look back with such longing. I’d almost forgotten my rebellious teenage years—the sneaky antics and the subsequent need to hide them from my mother. She had an uncanny ability to make me feel two feet tall, causing me to slump and hang my head in shame. Mom knew exactly how to push my buttons, playing me like a virtuoso; I was her favourite instrument. But what she didn’t know couldn’t hurt me, so I often found my own way.</p>
<p>Maybe all kids are like this to varying degrees, especially when puberty hits and hormones play tricks on the mind. The driver glanced at me, eyebrows raised, as I chuckled. My mind had wandered to simpler times, filled with cherished memories.</p>
<p>I couldn’t help myself; I couldn’t curb my excitement. By the time I checked myself into a hotel, I felt an urge to walk and explore. It was all so new and exciting. I wanted to taste it, breathe it in. The town seemed abuzz, at least in my area, and the hotel, Fontainebleau, was exquisite. I had seen pictures of it when I booked my stay, thinking then that paying five hundred bucks a night was an excess. I was wrong and glad I acted on the spur of the moment. For the first time since I could remember, I was doing something completely selfish, just for myself. It was so far out of my character that it filled me with endless possibilities.</p>
<p>The time passed, and I lost track of it, walking around the city at night, peering into little shops and round-the-clock restaurants all the way to the sands. I don’t know what prompted me, but I removed my shoes and walked on the beach. It felt liberating, almost romantic in a sort of melancholic way. A gentle summer breeze carried a scent of salt, making me wish to close my eyes, lay down, and breathe. Every time I exhaled, a part of the tension I wasn’t aware I carried broke off and left, leaving me feeling empty inside.</p>
<p>Forget the psychologists; just this feeling was worth the trip. Suddenly, I felt hungry for life, eager to catch up on all the things that I’d missed. Deep down inside, a voice of reason cawed from a distance, like a crow I couldn’t get rid of, warning me that this wasn’t me, that I would fail, that I was just lying to myself. But I brushed it away, exhaling it with my breath.</p>
<p>“I’ve come this far,” I said to the wind. “Let’s see where this leads me.” It felt good to talk to someone, even if nobody was there. It made me laugh, so I laughed at myself.</p>
<p>Sometime later, as I found my way back to the hotel, I stumbled upon a diner with no one inside.</p>
<p>“I’d like breakfast with some pancakes on the side,” I told the waitress, who didn’t bat an eyelash as she took my order. Who knows, maybe it’s normal for people to come in before dawn and have an early breakfast in this part of the land.</p>
<p>The bacon was crispy, and the eggs were well-made. I polished it all off, relishing the taste of maple syrup on my pancakes.</p>
<p>“Why didn’t I have this before?” The answer came straight back: My wife didn’t like the taste, and she’d read in some magazine that honey was much better for health. I still remember the argument. It left me traumatised. How do we lose ourselves? One battle at a time, one compromise after another. After a while, I didn’t even try, leaving the decision-making to my old ball and chain. I was too comfortable to raise my voice, not wishing to spend the next half an hour arguing about something meaningless, only to suffer her silent treatment for the rest of the day, where I’d have to apologise and promise to be more considerate in the future.</p>
<p>“Did you want something else?” the waitress asked, hearing my laughter. Her face and raised left eyebrow made me laugh again.
“Yes, please. Can I have a coffee to go?” I didn’t feel like explaining my thought process.</p>
<p>Later that night, I sat on my balcony, watching the shadows play with the sky and the sand, revealing the ocean in the distance—the great Atlantic of myths and legends. As a child, I lost myself in books and stories, imagining the world of yesteryear and the people that inhabited it: the mighty Atlanteans of Plato’s narrative mixed with Greek legends of cyclops and sirens, brave men, and witches with snakes for hair that turned anyone who looked at them into stone.</p>
<p>I could smell the ocean even from here. Dawn was about to break, and I felt a heartbeat inside my chest. I wasn’t alone. Far in the distance, I saw a group of figures approach the ocean and pause. I wondered how many people gathered to welcome the birth of a new day. For me, it signified so much more. Like with Lexi, I caught a glimpse of my real self last night.</p>
<p>The world awoke, and the sun breathed life into the city. One by one, strollers and joggers appeared on the beach. I began to feel fatigued, and my eyes grew heavy. Finally, tiredness overcame me. After a warm shower and placing a “do not disturb” sign on my door, I drew the curtains and sank into the bed, its fresh and clean scent enhancing the moment.</p>
<p>I woke much later to the sound of my phone alarm, showered, and headed downstairs. Dan had reserved a table for lunch at a posh restaurant. I arrived first and had to muster all my willpower to prevent my leg from shaking—a nervous tic I loathed. Whenever I felt uneasy or uncertain, my leg would jitter.</p>
<p>“Stop doing that,” my wife would chide repeatedly. It was a surefire way to irritate her, especially in public where others might notice. I frequently had to bite my tongue to resist retorting, “Why did you marry me then?” It was a rhetorical question; any further fuel added to the fire was counterproductive.</p>
<p>I recognised Dan immediately. My eyes were instinctively drawn to the tall man. He was impeccably dressed with a shaved head and a confident smile, suggesting, “I’m superior,” but not in a condescending manner. He had an effortless, casual style that radiated a natural elegance.</p>
<p>What stood out about Dan was his gait—a pronounced limp. By the time he approached my table, I was intrigued by what might have happened to him. His posture and body language indicated some arm and leg impairment.</p>
<p>This only deepened my respect for him. Whatever challenges I faced seemed trivial compared to Dan’s journey. Even before he took his seat, I was confident he was the man I wanted to teach me.</p>
<p>“The usual, sir?” the waiter asked. Dan nodded with a smile.</p>
<p>“I’ll have the same,” I chimed in, having no clue what he ordered. I found myself quite taken by Dan. It wasn’t his physical presence but, in fact, the opposite. The analytical part of me traced his journey, recognising the raw willpower and determination required to rise above one’s circumstances, not only to achieve personal success but also to extend a hand to others, guiding and teaching them.</p>
<p>I was at a loss for words, but Dan smoothly took the reins, sharing insights about confidence. His demeanour and speech only deepened the message. In that instant, it clicked. Social skills aren’t innate; they’re acquired.</p>
<p>In much the same way, I learnt to be a satisficer over the years, someone who applies a decision-making strategy that considers all available alternatives until everyone is content except for me.</p>
<p>“To be honest, you’re not what I expected,” I confessed to Dan, who chuckled in response. “‘I thought you’d have an office where I’d recline on a couch while you sifted through my memories.’” His laughter was genuine.</p>
<p>“I’m not a psychologist,” he replied, confirming what I had already concluded from our conversation.</p>
<p>“Some label me a life coach, a dating coach, even a relationship expert,” he continued. What Dan offered was distinct: “I turn boys into men.” He provided a specialised service, aiding men who grew up without strong male role models or those who had lost their direction—the shy, the lost, the overlooked, and the disheartened. He reshaped their thought processes and behaviours through a combination of theory and practical exercises.</p>
<p>“I’ve been at this for decades, working with tens of thousands of individuals,” he said, urging me to look up his credentials. They jokingly referred to him as the “bad boy”, a witty take on the notion that women tend to gravitate towards “bad” men who exude an outlaw charm. In contrast, the dependable ones are often relegated to being the safer, albeit duller, choice—the steak versus porridge debate.</p>
<p>It struck a chord. That was me. I was the plain porridge: safe, reliable, and dull. On the other hand, Tina’s boyfriend played her emotions like a maestro with a marionette. Every time she felt heartbroken, she sought solace in my embrace. I was consistent, unexciting, akin to boiled vegetables. To her, I was the platonic friend, the pseudo-husband, the mundane daily fare.</p>
<p>As this realisation dawned on me, memories of past experiences surged with alarming clarity. It mirrored my relationship with Ivy during high school. I was her “gay best friend”, the shoulder she cried on each time a boyfriend betrayed her trust. Ivy would lament, “I wish all guys were like you. Why can’t I find a boyfriend like you?”</p>
<p>When I pointed out that she had indeed met someone like me and that I was available, a mix of shock and slight disgust flashed across her face. Later that week, she spread the word that I was a creep who had only pretended to be her friend, aiming to exploit her vulnerability. Four times, the big guys beat me up over it, labelling me a “creep” throughout the semester.</p>
<p>Maybe they were right on some level. I was in love with Ivy. She was the one who got away. However, I never feigned our friendship. I was fully aware she was out of my league, but I relished just being by her side, having someone to converse with, someone who genuinely cared. Perhaps that’s why my wife was able to seduce me so effortlessly. She bore a resemblance to Ivy, and I felt an inexplicable familiarity.</p>
<p>Dan observed me intently, with a faint smile on his lips, tuning into my reactions and body language. I presumed he had seen such cases before, recognising the patterns and, if nothing else, devising ways to address them through trial and error.</p>
<p>“Do you mind if I ask what happened to your arm?” I inquired. Dan brushed it off as a question he’d heard countless times. As a teenager, he had been shot, the bullet lodging in his brain. Paramedics had rushed him to a hospital, where he was informed he’d never walk again. The verdict was clear-cut: his life as he knew it was over. The simple pleasures of walking on a beach, meeting a woman in a bar, or having a relationship with someone without their own set of traumas seemed out of reach.</p>
<p>This was an untenable reality for Dan. Driven by an indomitable spirit, he orchestrated his own miraculous recovery. Accepting mediocrity wasn’t in his nature; Dan aspired not just to recover but to surpass his former self. He dedicated endless hours to learning, exercising, and constantly challenging his limits until one day, against all odds, he stood up. Regardless of the agony, he relearned how to walk.</p>
<p>The part of his brain responsible for the movements of his left side was damaged, so he had to train his body to function differently. Although he hadn’t regained complete control, he didn’t let it deter him. Instead, he became a pillar in a community of men facing similar challenges—those raised by women, the introverted, the so-called “nice guys” striving for self-improvement.</p>
<p>Dan began to impart his knowledge, revolutionising traditional mindsets. He advocated for a more organic approach to social interactions, emphasising self-improvement and the balance between being that enticing “bad boy” without descending into discourtesy.</p>
<p>In no time, his philosophy gained traction. Many emulated it, primarily because it was effective. Women, and people in general, were magnetically pulled towards a confident man—someone who could hold a steady gaze and offer a firm handshake.</p>
<p>No gimmicks, no lies—Dan championed being yourself. When a woman tells a man, “Just be yourself,” she means to be the genuine best version of yourself instead of the fake persona you present on a date. This is what Dan taught, and his methods earned him multiple awards, along with numerous interviews in Playboy and other men’s magazines, even on TV across multiple channels, with many celebrities. He was the darling of the media, both loved and hated, until one day, he decided to pull back and concentrate on working individually.</p>
<p>As you age, priorities shift, and Dan was no exception to this rule. He began spending more time working less but more efficiently, deriving satisfaction from directly aiding people through a profound understanding of their situations.</p>
<p>Everything he said resonated with me, and I was impressed and grateful that he took the time to help with my problems. Even if all this were merely a trend, learning from such a man, from his life experience, could at least help me view my issues from a different perspective.</p>
<p>“Give me a year,” he said, displaying a radar chart with about a dozen aspects, each relating to different personal traits. He broke down what constituted the qualities that define an attractive man.</p>
<p>“This is what I will use to measure your progress.” I didn’t have specific areas I wanted to improve; I simply wanted to stop being the guy who sits on the sidelines. We agreed to meet for a year, once a month for a weekend, each time in a different place, so I could absorb varied perspectives from other cultures. This approach resonated with my innate desire to travel and to rediscover parts of life I missed while being a husband and father.</p>
<p>“What I teach is a general skill on how to be confident, charismatic, and masculine,” he explained. His teachings applied to both men and women, but most of his students sought help with their relationship problems. Many men felt disconnected from the dating scene and harboured a sense of entitlement towards popular and attractive women. I was one of them.</p>
<p>This had been my problem my entire life. In a material world, we are judged by how we dress, how we talk, and the cars we drive. More than anything else, we are appraised by the women in our lives. Although I wished it were otherwise, I noticed my business partners and colleagues staring at my wife with awe and surprise. I could detect their envious looks of disbelief as they glanced my way, their respect for me rising perceptibly.</p>
<p>Women buy jewellery, fur coats, designer dresses, and diamond bracelets, but to me, it appeared that women were men’s ornaments. It would explain why so many affluent men urge to marry someone half their age, flaunting her at corporate events like a prized possession, proof of his success and status.</p>
<p>The waiter came over, cleared our plates, and brought us coffee and milk. Dan asked him to get it to the patio, where he led me. It offered a picturesque view of the pools and sunbathing women. I instantly tensed, a reflex I had developed whenever I was out with my wife, who was intensely jealous and would overreact if I so much as glanced at another woman.</p>
<p>“Some things will be challenging,” Dan began. They’re designed to gradually expand your boundaries and nudge you out of your comfort zone.“ I recognised that it was vital for me to push myself and sometimes go against conventional logic.</p>
<p>”Your perceptions are shaped by your experiences. You’d view all cats positively if you had a cherished cat during childhood.“ Some folks, however, might have grown up with dogs, or perhaps their parents had an aversion to cats. Their reactions to cats would differ. I nodded, understanding his point.</p>
<p>”Imagine being a caveman, and someone shows you a phone. You’d be clueless, having no point of reference.“ This applied to everything. Dan’s analogies had a way of making things clear. I realised I had been trapped in my own little world, a space further constricted by my ex-wife and my mother. By not standing up for myself and often agreeing with whatever was told to me, I gradually let my confidence diminish, piece by piece.</p>
<p>”I’ll demonstrate, and then you’ll replicate,“ Dan said. My palms began to sweat. I sensed Dan was prepping me for a challenging task. ”If I can manage, so can you. The only difference is, I’ve practised for years.“ That, I could believe. Dan detailed how, over time, what was once unfamiliar becomes the norm, so one must continuously strive and push forward.</p>
<p>The name of the game is confidence, transitioning from conscious incompetence to unconscious competence. It’s like mastering swimming or an instrument—it’s five per cent talent, with the remainder being rigorous practice.</p>
<p>”There are three facets to attraction: the approach and connection, the interest, and the conversational structure.“ Essentially, he spoke about personal identity—who you are, how you convey it, and how you cultivate interest. Every conversation should have a direction and a purpose. If you simply chit-chat for amusement, it ends up being aimless and trivial—perhaps a few shared laughs and high fives, then you part ways to pursue other endeavours.</p>
<p>”I’ll teach you how to master this with immense success,“ Dan said confidently, standing and approaching a sunbather. She was a young woman in her twenties donning a modest white bikini and tinted sunglasses. From my vantage point, I observed him strike up a conversation, share a handshake, and order a glass of champagne.</p>
<p>Ten minutes later, she keyed in her number on his phone. He returned and sat beside me whilst I wrestled with my inner turmoil. My instinct was to flee, but I was paralysed.</p>
<p>”I don’t know what to do,“ I admitted.</p>
<p>”Just walk up to her and say, ’Hi, I’m Jim, and I think you look stunning. I wanted to introduce myself and offer you a drink.“ At this suggestion, I began to shake, overwhelmed by the idea. I had never approached a woman in such a manner before.</p>
<p>”Take your time,“ Dan said with a smile. It took me twenty minutes to replay everything he had said. This was why I came—to learn how to communicate with people. Part of me wanted to just give up and return to my old life.</p>
<p>The only way to go is up when you’re at your lowest. I tried to muster the courage, forcing myself to stand and take a few steps. But my legs faltered, and I sank back into the chair, fighting back tears. It felt too challenging, too humiliating. In my head, I replayed moments when women had laughed at me. Past experiences have already painted a vivid picture of how this would end.</p>
<p>”Have you ever been on a rollercoaster?“ Dan asked. I cringed as I recounted a visit to Thorpe Park, one of the most uncomfortable experiences of my life. My fear of heights had consumed me, and I was petrified I’d either vomit or faint, becoming the laughing stock and being labelled a ”sissy.“</p>
<p>”Come on, let’s go,“ he said, rising from his seat. We hailed a cab, and an hour later, we were at an amusement park. My apprehension grew. After purchasing tickets, we boarded a ride. It was every bit as distressing as I remembered. My screams were involuntary. I despised every second. My legs were jelly when it ended.</p>
<p>”Describe how you felt and why,“ Dan prompted. For the next twenty minutes, I recounted every agonising detail, each memory bringing back waves of panic. The height, the mortal fear, the shame—it all replayed. By the end of my account, I felt nauseous and took several deep breaths to steady myself.</p>
<p>”It’s all about your focus,“ Dan remarked, holding back a chuckle. Despite my misery, I found myself smiling, realising how comical the entire scenario might have appeared. There was an underlying humour in it, and it became a bonding moment. ”You’re trying to process too much at once. You’re overwhelming your senses.“ And then, it clicked for me. My body was reacting to sensory overload, triggering a flight response.</p>
<p>Dan directed me towards the carts, pointing at a prominent bolt. ”We’ll do it again, but this time, just focus on this bolt. Block everything else out.“ The idea of a second round was unthinkable, but in that moment, I trusted him more than I trusted myself.</p>
<p>So, we boarded, and I zeroed in on the bolt, shutting everything else out. I felt the cart’s motions, its swaying and acceleration, but it wasn’t terrifying. Before I knew it, Dan was helping me out. The ride had ended, and I felt composed.</p>
<p>The epiphany was immediate. I had always prided myself on my intellect; maybe not the quickest reflexes, but a swift mind. In this simple exercise, Dan revealed a profound truth. I began to see how this approach could be applied to countless scenarios, whether giving a presentation or negotiating a salary increase.</p>
<p>”Let’s try something different,“ Dan suggested. This time, I was to ride alone. I’d start by focusing on the bolt, then slowly look up, letting everything blur before choosing what to focus on. If it became too overwhelming, I could quickly revert to the bolt or simply defocus.</p>
<p>”Let’s do it,“ I responded, grinning like a child who’d just uncovered a hidden door in his house.</p>
<p>”Here, have this,“ Dan said, handing me a bacon and lettuce baguette. ”I think you need a snack.“ I admired how he constantly pushed boundaries. Less than a minute into the ride this time, I found myself munching on my sandwich, eyes wide open, both horrifying and fascinating the other riders.</p>
<p>After we stopped, the guy behind me, who was with a cute redheaded girlfriend, playfully patted my shoulder. ”You’re a freak,“ he declared, accompanied by a big smile and laughter. For a fleeting moment, I felt invincible.</p>
<p>The trip back to the hotel was a blur. I was consumed by the realisation that I’d discovered something life-altering. It was a simple yet powerful technique for calming the mind and regaining control over oneself.</p>
<p>”What’s stopping you?“ Dan asked as we settled on the veranda, our eyes on the sunbathers. I was eager to apply my newfound skill, but approaching women still felt like a different challenge.</p>
<p>”I’m afraid she would reject me,“ I admitted. Dan had a remedy for this, too.</p>
<p>”There are two answers for that: a philosophical one and a practical one,“ he said. The practical was straightforward. Logically speaking, making an approach was always better since any chance of success was preferable to none, which was guaranteed if I stayed away.</p>
<p>Philosophically, a woman might reject me for numerous reasons: perhaps I wasn’t her type, or she was married or had a boyfriend. Maybe she found me unattractive or unintelligent, or it could be something unrelated to me. Perhaps she was shy, or maybe she felt undeserving of someone like me. All the fears could be flipped, and there was no real way to discern the truth. Even if she were to explain, how could I trust her words?</p>
<p>”When confronted with two equally valid explanations, always choose the one that benefits you,“ Dan advised. It made sense. I could decide that I wasn’t good enough for her, or I could choose to believe the opposite. We could only work with what we knew, and in a perfect world, we might measure such things, but not here.</p>
<p>”This is genius,“ I said, understanding that this was a method to redirect focus from the negative. If the girl liked me, it all fell into place; if she didn’t, it wasn’t my problem. The truth wasn’t what mattered but how it made me feel.</p>
<p>Taking a few deep breaths, I practiced my approach in my mind. Feeling a surge of determination, I walked up to a cute brunette, whom I guessed was in her early thirties—young but not so young as to make me feel like a creep.</p>
<p>Ten minutes later, I was sitting next to Dan again. The girl had been polite but not really interested. I didn’t mind. I felt alive, and that familiar rush returned. It was the first time I’d approached a stranger. Despite the outcome, it wasn’t as daunting as I’d imagined. Suddenly, I wanted to approach everyone just to make friends and converse. This was what I had been missing, what I hadn’t been able to do since my childhood. The weight of it all hit me, and tears flowed freely.</p>
<p>This was the catharsis I’d thought would forever elude me. The world no longer seemed desolate. I had learned how to initiate conversations with strangers. It was undeniably one of the best days of my life.</p>
<p>The conversation eventually tapered off. Drained from the day’s emotional roller coaster, Dan suggested we call it a night. We headed to our respective rooms to shower and rest. I drew a bubble bath and sank into it, immersing myself in the day’s memories, replaying each moment. My mind was sharp; I recalled every word, every gesture, everything Dan had done or said.</p>
<p>He might not claim the title, but to me, Dan was every bit a psychologist. This wasn’t my maiden voyage in seeking answers. I’d consulted psychologists in the past. They’d recommended cognitive behavioural therapy, but doubt held me back. Instead, I devoured books on the topic, acquainting myself with techniques but never trying them out. Until today, it was all theoretical.</p>
<p>Dan’s rollercoaster exercise was a variant of Exposure Therapy, a psychological treatment that aids individuals in confronting and diminishing fears tied to phobias or traumatic memories. I realised that this principle was transferable to social interactions. His use of the bolt was a Grounding technique, a method focusing on a singular point during a distressing situation, typically beneficial for those with anxiety or PTSD. I’d been unaware of its potential application in the way Dan had demonstrated.</p>
<p>And then there was his advice on approaching women, his insight on addressing my fears. This was Reframing, the concept of adjusting one’s viewpoint. If presented with two interpretations of a situation, opt for the more positive or advantageous one. This tied everything together neatly.</p>
<p>My spirits soared. The trip exceeded my expectations. I felt invigorated and eager to step out and interact with the world. Forming connections had been my Achilles’ heel for as long as I could remember. Time and again, I’d asked, ”How do you do that?“ No one had ever provided a satisfactory answer.</p>
<p>It took me some time to collect myself and dress up. As I was readying, a text came through inviting me to join Dan for dinner downstairs. Throughout the meal, I peppered him with questions and shared my reflections. He responded with a smile, clearly pleased with our progress.</p>
<p>”Your assignment for this month is to approach as many people as possible and get comfortable with that.“ I doubted I’d ever feel truly at ease, but I could manage my panic with the tools he provided.</p>
<p>”What’s next? What’s the plan?“ I inquired. Having gotten a taste, I was eager for more.</p>
<p>”The next time we meet, we’ll delve into identity and presentation.“ My curiosity was piqued, but I decided not to press him.</p>
<p>About an hour later, we found ourselves seated at a VIP table in a bar. A metal bucket held champagne. I savoured my Mai Tai while Dan enjoyed his gin and tonic. Watching him smack his lips appreciatively, I smiled, pleased to learn of his personal preference.</p>
<p>At one point, he motioned to two girls at the bar. ”Go over, introduce yourself, and bring them here,“ he directed. My heart raced, but I mentally ran through the routine to refocus and reframe.</p>
<p>”Why didn’t you bring them over?“ he questioned ten minutes later.</p>
<p>”One said she had a boyfriend, and they were both waiting for friends,“ I responded. They may have simply wanted to brush me off. But they could have been truthful, or maybe they felt intimidated. I chose to believe they were just a bit wary about joining someone more worldly and mature for drinks. This perspective lifted my spirits. It wasn’t that they were out of my league; perhaps it was the other way around. Embracing this mindset, I could selectively hear and believe what uplifted me.</p>
<p>As I reflected on this, it struck me that both my mother and ex-wife behaved similarly. Whenever I shared something unexpected, they’d dismissively smirk, crafting their own narratives. Whether rooted in reality or fiction, their self-assuredness remained intact. They thrived in their self-made realities. I could adopt that approach as well, I realised with a grin. After all, practice makes perfect.</p>
<p>”One thing to remember,“ Dan advised, ”every conversation you initiate should have a conclusion. Guiding a conversation to a favourable outcome is vital for mastering assertiveness.“ The term ”assertiveness“ resonated. My wife had often chided me for lacking it. She’d vent her frustrations whenever promotions eluded me, faulting me for my passivity.</p>
<p>Dan’s message was clear. I should have shifted the topic, adjusted my approach, and still attempted to get the girls to join us. I could have tempted them, saying, ”Come on. We’ve got this luxurious bottle of Krug here. It’s a shame to enjoy it alone.“ Instead, I let the conversation drift, accepting their conversational frame instead of redirecting it to suit my aims.</p>
<p>Halfway through my internal monologue, Dan stood up and left. Ten minutes later, he returned with those same two girls in tow, each smiling and one holding his hand. They greeted me with smiles and giggles as I uncorked and poured the champagne.</p>
<p>We toasted to good health, and then the girls began to dance. They moved rhythmically before us, and I tried to soak in the moment. Dan was at ease, reclining in his chair, smiling as he watched the girls dance. Their prior mentions of a boyfriend and friends seemed forgotten. I attempted to emulate Dan’s demeanour, but my tension was palpable. My gaze intently followed his every gesture, hoping to absorb some of his ease.</p>
<p>I realized he had orchestrated this to show me the realm of possibilities. What had he said earlier? ”If I can do it, so can you.“ A rush of ambitious thoughts flooded my mind, but I quelled them. The evening had already surpassed my wildest expectations.</p>
<p>Conversations flowed, and laughter filled the gaps. Gradually, I felt more at ease. The waitress brought another round of cocktails for us while the girls continued sipping champagne. Time seemed to blur in the haze of enjoyment, and before I knew it, the champagne was finished. Dan stood, bidding me farewell, and led both girls upstairs.</p>
<p>I remained seated, mouth agape, trying to process the evening’s events. Dan provided an opportunity for me to invite the girls over, but I hadn’t even considered the possibility that both might be available. It was a poignant reminder of how much I had to learn. But the experience ignited a newfound determination within me.</p>
<p>In our initial conversation, Dan had asked what I desired most. At the time, I struggled to express it. But now, clarity struck: I yearned for the ability to replicate tonight’s events. This evening had set a new standard for me. I was enthralled, entirely captivated by the potential of what lay ahead. Recognising the boundless possibilities, I yearned to soar. I aspired to embody the confidence and magnetism that Dan exuded.</p>

</body>
</html>
