<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 6 - Some friends we had</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 6 - Some friends we had</h2>
<p>I stretched out on the bed and yawned. The dawn came and went; it was time for breakfast. For the first time in forever, I caught myself whistling in the shower and laughed. Whistling always irked Tina. Doing it now made me realise how much of my life had been a compromise, and I thanked my lucky stars for bringing me here.</p>
<p>“This won’t happen again,” I promised myself aloud. I was determined to work hard, find myself, and redefine the parts of me that felt like a failure.</p>
<p>Last night, I had an epiphany. I saw what was possible, and I wanted it. After Dan left with the girls, I lingered for another hour. His charisma left an impression on me because I noticed a few of them looking my way. This had never happened before, and I relished it. I was tempted to approach and invite them over, but I held back, not wanting to overdo it. Content with the day’s events, I called it a night after downing another Mai Tai.</p>
<p>As the elevator descended, people stepped in and greeted me with smiles. I wished them a good morning, and their cheerful replies uplifted me. It felt like a fresh start, a new day to embrace. Breakfast was a buffet, and I sampled everything I fancied.</p>
<p>Believe it or not, as I sipped my coffee and reminisced about the previous night, I recognised that Dan had shown me the ropes. It dawned on me that I’d been making a mistake back home, always choosing a spot next to the bar because it was convenient to order another drink and fade into the background.</p>
<p>Dan was the polar opposite. He was unapologetically bold, exuding confidence in a way that practically announced, “I have arrived.” His aura was captivating. I later realised that the scene had already played out by the time I had settled in. Almost everyone in the bar had probably spotted the VIP table being claimed. I used to observe the same thing back home and ponder why anyone would splurge on that. It seemed frivolous, but Dan knew better, and I was mistaken.</p>
<p>All the little things enhanced his allure. People were curious about his identity and eager to get acquainted. I’d always believed that flaunting one’s image was a shallow tactic employed by those trying to impress others with their wealth and status. But in a moment of clarity, it hit me. I’d always viewed the world from my unique lens, judging it based on my experiences. But when I shifted my perspective, it became clear that not everyone thought the way I did.</p>
<p>I scored one-sixty-eight on a MENSA test, indicating that I was logical and that my thought processes differed from many others. What appeared to me as crass or pandering might be essential for others. The average IQ is around a hundred, and I lacked an understanding of how people with that score perceived things. This epiphany shed light on why I often struggled to connect with others. The lens through which I viewed the world was distinct from that of most people. The same qualities that drove my success at work and in academics were barriers in my personal relationships, in some ways hampering my happiness. A high IQ doesn’t necessarily denote wisdom. It can make you stand out, like a white crow, often feeling misunderstood or sidelined by others.</p>
<p>This understanding washed over me as I sipped my coffee and nibbled on a scone. Physically present, my mind felt distant, perhaps a thousand miles away. Dan was out of the picture, and I didn’t anticipate our paths crossing until a month had passed. It takes time for the mind to process such revelations and truly internalise them. He gave me an assignment, and I was excited to start, knowing it wouldn’t be as easy as that.</p>
<p>Dan referred to it as “approach anxiety,“ and I was sure I hadn’t conquered it. The thought of approaching women made my heart skip a beat every time. However, now I had tools to rely on and a solid psychological foundation. Exposure therapy is a common medical practice.</p>
<p>I looked outside and smiled, grateful that I had taken additional leave. My boss only nodded when I submitted the forms for a few days off. Since the divorce, I have accumulated several months‘ worth of overtime. He seemed relieved that I was using it rather than him having to explain to upper management why I’d be receiving a bonus at year’s end. No one cared how much money was spent as long as it all fit neatly within the budget.</p>
<p>While planning my trip, I’d viewed pictures of the hotel’s pools and the beach. Yet, it never occurred to me to pack a swimsuit. I would have kicked myself if I hadn’t recalled seeing a Rip Curl shop on my first night out. So, I made my way there, forcing myself to start innocuous conversations with the people I met. Dan was right. It got easier each time, and I followed his teachings exactly, learning quickly that talking to people wasn’t so scary as long as I had a structure to fall back on.</p>
<p>Twenty minutes later, I stood in line with brand-new swimming trunks in hand, chatting about nothing with the salesman before cheerfully whistling my way back to the hotel. En route to the pool, I greeted the girl I’d approached the day before. I wasn’t scared of her anymore; I just felt a little uncomfortable. Her expression was vacant. I guessed she was trying to remember who I was. This was another thing to consider. Dan left a lasting impression wherever he went while I was blissfully forgettable.</p>
<p>He had promised to share his secret the next time we met. “You have to trust the process,“ he’d said, and I believed him. It was similar to how we developed software at the office. You could do it quickly, or you could do it right. Quality takes time, often for reasons unforeseen at the outset. Haphazardly managed projects frequently involve assumptions that lead to cutting corners. We’ve tried various methods, from TOGAF for architecture to Scrum for teams. Still, there’s no silver bullet, as Mr Brooks pointed out in his famous book “The Mythical Man-Month.”</p>
<p>“Give me a year,“ Dan had said. I intended to do just that—follow his advice to the letter, strive to be his best pupil, absorb every bit of wisdom, and direct my energy toward the life I envisioned. I’d formulated a plan the previous night, recognising it would require time and patience. I was ready for the challenge.</p>
<p>I removed my new white t-shirt and flip-flops before entering the pool. A man on the opposite side motioned to the “no jumping“ sign. I acknowledged with a nod, dove in, and soon found myself in the middle of the pool. Floating with my eyes closed, I soaked in the sun’s rays. It felt like the sunshine was lifting my spirits.</p>
<p>They called it seasonal affective disorder, which is living in a place with limited sunlight. It seemed a plausible reason for the general mood I’d observed among many. I realised I’d been in a haze, missing so much of life’s beauty, chasing after fleeting dreams and listening to misguided advice. Life isn’t about waiting for something magical to happen; it’s about making the magic with your efforts and intentionality.</p>
<p>As I reflected on my past, it felt so surreal. The image that came to mind was wandering through a dreamlike state. A chuckle escaped my lips, turning into full-blown laughter as the absurdity of it all struck me. My thoughts shifted to the lottery ticket on my desk back home. It felt like the catalyst for all the recent changes. Ideas were now flowing, but I understood the need for patience.</p>
<p>I had set a year as my time frame, but that didn’t mean stagnation and waiting for miracles to happen. I had plans, yet I preferred keeping them to myself. It’s incredible how a small triumph can amplify one’s self-belief. I felt reinvigorated, took a breath and dived back into the water.</p>
<p>When I surfaced, I spotted a young woman, perhaps in her mid-twenties, looking in my direction. I built up the fortitude to offer her a wave and a smile, which she returned. These simple, friendly exchanges were new to me, but they felt genuine.</p>
<p>I put all my discomfort and doubt into one drawer, compartmentalising the world just like I did with the rollercoaster. The feeling was still there, knocking at the door of my mind, banging and yelling from outside, “This is the police; we have a warrant.” It scared me, but what I learned from Dan allowed me to keep moving instead of being frozen in my tracks, petrified like a little boy standing before a stern teacher.</p>
<p>It took effort to not revert to my old ways, but I made it a point to really see her. She wore a bright orange bikini and had a slim, athletic build. Her skin was a deep, beautiful shade of fine milk chocolate, glistening from the water. This sight evoked feelings and appreciation I had rarely allowed myself to feel in such settings.</p>
<p>Tina did a number on me. She trained me to feel guilty whenever I looked at women, and I was keen to break out of this habit as soon as possible. I have practised it since Dan left, forcing myself to watch others and take in their physical attributes, including their height, weight, hair colour, and style. If someone made eye contact, I felt like hiding under the table, but I fought it and smiled.</p>
<p>Undoubtedly, the young woman caught my admiring gaze as I casually objectified her impressive assets. Our eyes met again when I studied her almost feline face and bright chestnut eyes. I could feel the tension build, and my first instinct was to look away, but I forced myself to persist and examine her perfectly shaped lips. Her neck was long and thin, framed with straight hair that fell to the middle of her back.</p>
<p>Before the tension turned uncomfortable, I took one last look at her nose. It was small and thin, seamlessly perfect. I wondered for a moment if she had it done because everything put together seemed too perfect.</p>
<p>For a brief instance, I wanted to swim over and practice making friends, perhaps inviting her for a drink and maybe spending a day in pleasant chit-chat, enjoying myself. But I had different plans, blinked, and moved away. She gave me one more smile before turning around and making me gasp.</p>
<p>Her waist was so thin, resembling an hourglass, but her butt was so round and perfect, without a single blemish or a stretch mark. I was always a “boobs guy,“ but seeing this convinced me otherwise. I had never seen a butt like that, and the thoughts that rushed through my mind would get me arrested if I voiced them out or acted on them.</p>
<p>The girl pulled herself out of the water, remaining suspended for a few endless moments, dangling at the pool’s edge for a brief eternity, making sure I got a good look at everything and could measure her up from head to legs. She was stunning, and I imagined how it would feel to have the power to take her as she was. Then, she stood up and walked away.</p>
<p>I dove in again and swam to the opposite end, where I found my towel and all the discarded clothes. Was the girl giving me signals and flirting with me? Should I have approached her and offered a drink? There are too many questions too early in the game. After drying off, I made my way.</p>
<p>The day was young, and I felt energized, eager even to start with Dan’s assignment. It was the start of my journey, and I was committed. If Dan told me to jump bare-bottomed into a patch of nettles, I’d do it. The most incredible realization, epiphany even, was when I learned how to control what I took in. Everything else was just exposure therapy when you tap into the darkness and switch on the lights. It was supposed to hurt a little. What counted was my reaction to that. Do I break down and cry, cover my eyes, or do I soldier through like a man?</p>
<p>There it was, in its unbridled essence, the first part of the formula for being a man. A child falls down and cries for his mother to help, kiss the boo-boo, and make everything better. A man gets up, spits the dirt out, shakes it off, and moves on. Dan was teaching me that by exposing me to people, and I wanted to do it. “Bring on the pain,“ I whispered.</p>
<p>The beach awaited me, with its sand and hundreds of people milling around like ants. Tourists and locals of all shapes and sizes sat in cafes or did as they pleased. I noticed quite a few good-looking women in bikinis heading for the sand, so I joined the crowd, admiring the paved walkways as I walked. Everything seemed so relaxed and easygoing. I had to admit to myself: I loved this city.</p>
<p>In another life, I might have stayed there for a month, exploring the place and discovering all it had to offer. I only scratched the surface, doing the typical tourist activities, before finally going to the ocean shore. I took off my T-shirt and ran into the water.</p>
<p>“Aaah!“ I screamed, finding the water so refreshing. It was cold and clean, with gentle waves caressing me. After a quick swim, I returned to shore, spotting two girls lying on the sand from a distance. They looked like a perfect challenge. “Back to work, Jim,“ I goaded myself. Holding my clothes and hotel towel, I approached the two blondes.</p>
<p>Inside, my senses were buzzing. The knocking on the door was deafening, but I pushed it to the side, defocused my eyes, focused on the sand, and repeated in my head a line I would deliver. Dan gave me the tools, and I was planning to use them. All I wanted was to make a friend, even for a few moments. I wasn’t so much sex-starved as I was attention-starved, and talking to people was the first problem I wanted to have fixed.</p>
<p>All of this was academic, of course. For a long time, I lived like a bottom-dweller, looking up towards the sunshine, afraid to raise my hands or voice, to even ask for help or say five words to a stranger in a bar. I was mortified by what people would think of me. What would I feel about myself if I got rejected and failed? It was irrational, illogical, immaterial even. Yet, it held a tight grip on me, keeping me chained like a man in a basement, begging for water from one of the old fairy tales I used to read as a child. I was determined to take my first step.</p>
<p>“Hi, I’m Jim. Mind if I join you and make friends?“ The girls lifted their heads. At first, they looked confused, but they quickly offered a smile, making space for me. I thought that was easier than I expected while still trying to suppress the rising panic in my head. Adrenaline was the last thing I wanted.</p>
<p>“Where are you from?“ The older one asked. They both eyed me up and down, clearly curious. Both looked young, probably in their early twenties and seemed intrigued by my accent.</p>
<p>“I’m from the UK, London.“</p>
<p>“Oh my god, I’ve always wanted to go there!“ They both began talking with high-pitched voices, often interrupting each other with questions. Socialising would be a breeze if all interactions were like this. The girls entertained themselves, and all I had to do was listen.</p>
<p>Rylee and Callie were best friends despite the two-year age gap. Rylee was twenty-one, and Callie had just turned nineteen. Before I knew it, they had shared their entire life stories. Both were from Orlando and attended UCF, where they studied at the College of Arts and Humanities. They aspired to be actresses and hoped to eventually try their luck in Hollywood. Despite their differences, they were in the same class. After Rylee graduated, she took a gap year to travel around Mexico and South America. She became smitten with travelling and regaled Callie with endless stories. Soon, they both pulled out their phones to show me their Instagram accounts, along with their likes and followers.</p>
<p>“What’s your Instagram?“ Rylee asked. I was beginning to understand their dynamic; Rylee was the talker, while Callie seemed more introspective, observing me intently. I shrugged and replied, “Sorry, I don’t have one.“</p>
<p>It was as if a bomb had dropped when the girls squealed, grappling with the how and why of my lack of social media presence. I spent the next twenty minutes explaining that the thought had never crossed my mind. They then bombarded me with questions and advice, demonstrating how to install and set one up. As the girls sat on either side of me, they cheekily pressed their faces close to mine, snapped pictures, and scrolled through all three phones.</p>
<p>“There, now you have an account, and we are your first followers.” I couldn’t help but laugh. Their antics were childlike. Thinking about it, I could easily be their father. Yet, they never hinted or made any comments about my age.</p>
<p>“I want to swim,” Callie announced, and before I knew it, we were playing a game they called “shark.“ The girls had me squat in the water. One by one, they’d climb onto my back. As I stood, I’d launch them into the air. Their resulting fits of laughter were infectious. Half an hour later, I found myself lying on the sand, a girl on each side. They were playful and energetic, snapping countless pictures, tagging me and each other, and flooding their Instagrams with content.</p>
<p>“I’m thirsty,” Callie voiced. I saw this as an opportunity to switch things up.</p>
<p>“I’m getting a bit peckish. Would you two like to join me for a meal?” The girls jumped and squealed in agreement. It all clicked when they told me about their accommodations. They were students on a budget, looking to make the most of a weekend getaway. They thought they could easily find their way to Miami and back, trusting they’d find someone kind enough to feed them or offer them a place to stay. My protective side wanted to lecture them on the risks. But I halted that instinct. I had grown tired of always erring on the side of caution. Sure, dangers existed, but these girls had each other’s backs. They were young, vibrant, and eager to soak up every experience.</p>
<p>“Do you know a good restaurant?” I asked. Their blank stares told me they had no clue.</p>
<p>“We can go to your hotel,” Callie suggested.</p>
<p>“Yes, please! I’ve always wanted to check it out.” The puzzle pieces fell into place for me then. The branded towel I had with me must’ve been recognisable. They saw it and decided I was a friend worth making.</p>
<p>“Sure, why not?” I agreed with a grin. Each girl moved closer a moment later, taking one of my arms. The sensation was beyond anything I’d felt before. I caught pedestrians sneaking glances. There I was, a middle-aged man with two gorgeous blondes by his side. My heart raced, and my ego soared.</p>
<p>To a casual onlooker, the girls might have appeared as sisters. They certainly played up the resemblance, wearing identical brown bikinis and similar clothing. Both were about five-foot-eight, slender, blonde, with long natural hair that cascaded halfway down their backs. Even their body shapes were somewhat the same: slim, taut, with modestly sized breasts and perfectly sculpted buttocks—a result of countless hours in the gym doing squats, I presumed.</p>
<p>The girls paid attention to their looks and took great care of themselves. Their perfectly manicured natural nails were evidence of that, and even their toenails were professionally done. While they might have been poor students, they weren’t destitute. Both were well-spoken and exhibited pleasant manners, telltale signs of being cared for and loved. I didn’t mind that they played a little game with me after recognising the towel or that they gently steered me toward buying them lunch. They gave me much more in return by making me feel distinguished. Never had anyone looked at me the way the people on the street did, wondering how I managed such captivating companions.</p>
<p>It took us a while to get to the hotel, and by the time we arrived, the girls were genuinely famished—not playing any games. I thoroughly enjoyed watching their faces as their big, saucer-like eyes jumped from place to place, craving everything in sight. They were hungry for new experiences, and who could blame them? Given the state of the world economy and politics, if I were their age with such opportunities, I’d also seize them.</p>
<p>Despite their hunger, the girls struggled to make up their minds. They analysed the menu, weighing the pros and cons of each option. The problem was logistical—how to fit all this food into such small stomachs. In the end, they chose dishes that they thought would look best, while I ordered a steak and all the starters they had.</p>
<p>It was both a photo shoot and a chance to impress their peers. As the food arrived, they snapped great shots, with me included in some. They quickly posted and tagged me in a few. Perhaps they thought I was someone special, not just a nobody—a divorcee trying to find a way to rebuild his life.</p>
<p>We took over an hour to finish our meal and were stuffed by then. I suggested we go to the pool to eat ice cream and sunbathe, but the girls wanted to use the toilet in my room. That detour turned into another hour-long photo session with a sea view in the distance. I truly enjoyed myself, savouring the fact that I’d made some friends.</p>
<p>Ultimately, the girls tired themselves out, and we went down to lie like sloths in the sun. A waiter came by, and I ordered some refreshing drinks to start. The heat was stifling, and I was beginning to burn.</p>
<p>“Can you help me with this?” Rylee asked.</p>
<p>“Me too,” Callie piped in, handing me a bottle of Nivea Factor thirty sunscreen. I had to bite my lip to keep my hands from shaking as I sat next to one of them, gently massaging the sunblock into her back.</p>
<p>Halfway through, Rylee snuck her hand in and pulled on a little brown string, causing her bra to open at the back. The shock of it nearly overwhelmed me. That’s when I caught Callie’s eyes and saw her wicked smile. The two minxes knew precisely what they were doing to me. Their relentless flirting was a game to them. It thrilled them to relish the power they held over men, being able to arouse and then lead them on.</p>
<p>Had they acted this way toward me six months ago, I would’ve wanted to marry them both and devote my life to making them comfortable. This same pattern played out with Tina, my ex-wife. I recognised their tactics immediately. I felt I should be upset for a moment, but then clarity hit. I didn’t need to commit, only play along and have fun. Honestly, if I were a woman and a man offered me everything I desired, I’d graciously accept with a “thank you“ and a smile. I never held it against Tina for using similar tactics, as I was already accustomed to them from interactions with my mother.</p>
<p>“Do me now,“ Callie said, biting her lip. I must’ve looked quite flustered, realising that standing up would reveal my evident arousal. I’d been in this state for about fifteen minutes, surprised there wasn’t a visible mark on my shorts. I was incredibly turned on, and the two temptresses revelled in it.</p>
<p>It would’ve been humorous if it weren’t so embarrassing. Yet, like before, I pushed through. This was what I wanted: a challenge, a chance to improve my personal interactions. The two alluring blondes had thrown me into the deep end, and it was sink or swim, do or die of socialising.</p>
<p>With immense effort, I kept a neutral expression, stood up, and walked over to the other sunbed. I noticed Callie’s lips part and her eyes widen, her gaze fixed on the evident bulge. Though I might have been socially awkward, I wasn’t naive. In my mind, I envisioned Dan trying to predict how he would handle this situation. Knowing him for only a day, I did my best to emulate someone confident, even if I felt anything but inside. Outwardly, I maintained a smile, putting on the performance of a lifetime.</p>
<p>This moment of vulnerability kept me grounded, reminding me of my true self and past discomforts. I recalled how shaky I felt the previous night attempting to approach two girls at a bar. The scenario was eerily familiar: two girls toying with me and me being entirely at their mercy.</p>
<p>In a way, it was a second chance. Dan had shown me the ropes the night before. He effortlessly navigated the girls’ defences and games, easily winning them over without any resistance. Just thinking of Dan emboldened me. I pictured him nearby, observing with an amused grin, curious to see how I’d handle the situation.</p>
<p>At that moment, I swore I’d get back at the girls and push it as far as possible, regardless of how bad it felt. If the name of the game was exposure therapy, I was going to get my money’s worth. I had initially planned to sit further away, but I changed my mind, positioning myself by Callie’s head with my evident arousal right before her eyes. Pouring some cream, I got to work.</p>
<p>This time, it was me who pulled the string to open her bra. I could’ve sworn I heard a moan as my hands worked on her back and another when I moved down to massage her thighs. That was it for me; I couldn’t continue. If I persisted any longer, I would’ve reached a point of no return. There it was again, the issue of premature climax, so I stood and leapt into the pool, swimming to cool off.</p>
<p>Recalling Dan’s advice, I shifted my approach. This was a learning exercise. Odds were I’d never encounter these girls again, so I needed to make the most of it, pushing boundaries to understand when I’d overstepped. I remained in the pool, leisurely floating, with no immediate intention of returning.</p>
<p>From a distance, I observed the girls sunbathing, letting my mind wander, imagining explicit scenarios with them. After Lexi’s involvement with me, my perspective on women shifted. I began viewing them as potential partners. Dan deemed it a valid strategy, though he didn’t delve into the reasons, promising a more detailed explanation later. My task was straightforward: throughout the month, approach as many women as possible, always pushing the envelope, and if it breaks, so be it. You either learn or earn points. It was like a video game, Space Invaders reinvented.</p>
<p>“Don’t get discouraged by failure or overly encouraged by success,” Dan advised, emphasising the primary aim was for me to expand my comfort zone and become accustomed to social pressure. “If you can’t initiate a conversation, you’ll always be on the sidelines, waiting for your moment to speak.” His words resonated deeply. It felt like he was narrating my life. Numerous times at work, people had disregarded my contributions, feeling their insights were more valuable. I’d invariably pull back, internalising it as a slight, only to attempt speaking up again, repeatedly facing the same dismissals. While floating and reflecting on the incident with the girls, it dawned on me that these social skills could be applied universally.</p>
<p>I must’ve been engrossed in my reflections. When I next glanced around, the girls had vanished. A few minutes later, I spotted them, striking poses by palms and any interesting backdrop. They’d seized this chance for a photo spree, likely crafting a plethora of images for their dedicated Instagram followers.</p>
<p>Eventually, the duo, having had their fill, dived into the pool and joined me. We took a few group photos, and they conscientiously tagged me, ensuring the hotel’s brand was prominently displayed.</p>
<p>As the waiter passed by, I waved him over and ordered three ice creams, a pitcher of margaritas, and a mixed berry smoothie for Callie, who was nineteen and too young to drink. The girls leaned in, clinking their glasses. Rylee smiled while Callie pouted. Nevertheless, we made plenty of pictures for their online friends.</p>
<p>“Can I have a taste?” Callie begged, so I handed her a straw, and she took a few gulps. It was fun watching the girls‘ cheeks turn from pink to red. They weren’t exactly drunk, but they became much more spirited. Their flirting escalated, losing any semblance of inhibitions.</p>
<p>Callie came close again and asked, “Can I have a taste?” I was enjoying my ice cream, a blend of hazelnut and chocolate. I offered it to her, but she leaned in and licked it from my hand instead of taking it. Feeling left out, Rylee did the same.</p>
<p>“Can I try yours?” I asked, eyeing the Kiwi sorbet. Callie just giggled, bit off a piece, and leaned against my chest. Before I knew what was happening, she kissed me, pushing the ice cream into my mouth with her tongue. I would have had to be made of stone not to respond, so I kissed her back, and we made out for a minute and a half.</p>
<p>Rylee got jealous and pulled my shoulder to kiss me fervently. I felt her hand slide down my chest, grabbing my member, while my hand found its way to her breast and squeezed. The sensation was incredible, and I barely noticed Callie pulling me back.</p>
<p>About fifteen minutes later, the episode was over, but my mind was floating, elated. I had kissed two girls half my age, felt their touch, and played their game. Deep down, I knew Dan would approve. They had initiated, and I had joined in, leading them further.</p>
<p>It was getting late, and the girls asked if they could shower in my room again. A grandiose thought popped into my head: both were slightly tipsy and unmistakably aroused. It seemed that things were heading in a particular direction. Then, out of nowhere, a thought of Lexi crept in, reminding me of our first encounter that ended with her revelation as a prostitute.</p>
<p>I shook it off and walked out, the girls right behind me, holding my hands. As soon as we were in, they stripped down, allowing me a glimpse of their perfectly groomed selves, enticing in their youth. My eyes met Rylee’s, and she smiled, biting her lower lip before entering the shower. I watched Callie’s adorable form sway a split second later as she joined her friend.</p>
<p>Something inside me screamed, a shrill voice demanding, “Join them!” But I just stood there, paralysed and uncertain, unable to make a move. The obvious course of action was hindered by a deeply embedded negative voice in my mind, whispering doubts and insisting I was misinterpreting the situation, that I wasn’t good enough.</p>
<p>I took too long and missed my chance. The girls walked out, perfectly naked. At least I had that as a consolation prize before I jumped into the shower. It felt like only a few seconds passed as I lathered my skin and rinsed off. Internally, I was cursing myself, feeling all my frustrations crystallise.</p>
<p>Fortune smiled at me, though, when I realised the girls had taken all the towels. I had no choice but to walk out of the shower completely naked. Instantly, a familiar adrenaline surge made my hands shake. I took several deep breaths, trying to compose myself and put on a stoic face.</p>
<p>The girls weren’t inside. It took me a moment to find them standing on the terrace, equally naked, watching the sunset. The towels were piled up on the ground. As I bent to pick them up, an inner voice said, “No,“ and I straightened. I thought, in for a penny, in for a pound, and felt a bold impulse to try something before they left.</p>
<p>I approached them from behind, wrapped my arms around each one, and stood there silently. They seemed engrossed in the sunset, humming some melody as the world grew darker. Rylee turned towards me, and I felt her warmth against my body. It felt natural and pure. She looked up, and all I could see were her deep blue eyes. We kissed, and time seemed to stand still. As we parted, Callie pulled me to her, her eyes teary. I gently wiped away her tears and kissed her, and she laughed softly.</p>
<p>“Why are you crying?“</p>
<p>“Because I won’t see you again,“ she said, almost breaking my heart. I assured her that this wouldn’t be our last time.</p>
<p>“I’d like you to visit me in London,” I suggested, and both girls squealed. I promised that when the time came, I would buy them tickets and show them the best spots in the city. Any lingering doubts evaporated as we embraced. I kissed both of their foreheads before suggesting one final adventure.</p>
<p>“Come, there’s one more thing I want to do.“ The girls‘ eyes sparkled with curiosity as the car drove us through the streets of Miami. They were young, living in the moment, which made me somewhat wistful. At their age, I’d missed out on such spontaneity, always buried in studies or worried about others‘ opinions. As a result, my twenties went by without truly living.</p>
<p>Their excitement was palpable as the lights of an amusement park appeared. It was like watching them revert to childhood. Ten minutes later, we were in a cart. The girls clutched their cotton candy while I held onto a baguette. Their screams of excitement and fear soon filled the air, especially when Callie momentarily fainted from the thrill. They clung to me, their reactions a mix of fear and exhilaration.</p>
<p>“You’re not normal,” Rylee said, playfully punching my shoulder before taking my hand. She intertwined her fingers with mine, gently rubbing them against my skin. Callie nestled her head under my arm, clutching me closely and breathing in my scent as we walked. It was the perfect end to a perfect day.</p>
<p>We took our final pictures before I guided them to the car. The girls looked at me with puzzlement as I opened the doors.“The car’s already paid for. I just want you both to be safe.” That’s when the girls burst into tears, and I embraced them once more. It took almost ten minutes to say goodbye to each other.</p>
<p>Soon, I was standing alone, taking in the cool night air. A profound feeling welled up inside me, a joy beyond words for having made two new friends in such an unexpected way. This had never happened to me before, at least not like this. We had been strangers yesterday, and now we shared an unforgettable bond, a connection I’d never imagined possible.</p>
<p>My phone buzzed as I continued my walk. There were already a dozen messages from the girls, thanking me for a beautiful day. And for the first time, I realised that my cautious nature wasn’t all bad. The hesitation that kept me from joining the girls in the shower was the right call. Perhaps I could have had sex with them, but then they would be gone. I felt it would somehow cheapen the connection we had.</p>
<p>What I had now was something beyond valuable. I made some friends for life. The girls knew the limits of my restraint. They saw the line I wouldn’t cross with them. It allowed them to lower their guard down despite the intense sexual tension we all felt. The girls knew as well as I that they were vulnerable and drunk, and I didn’t take advantage of them. My cautionary instinct made me pass the big test.</p>
<p>I didn’t know what Dan would say. Did I do good or bad? In the end, it didn’t matter; I felt a deep sense of satisfaction. I was still horny and hard, thinking about their naked bodies, but it just made me feel better about my choices, proud of myself, more alive.</p>
<p>Deep in my thoughts, I walked home in silence, going through Dan’s lessons and replaying the day’s events. I didn’t know what I was doing, and I made mistakes, but one thing was apparent that I hadn’t considered before. I always had a skewed view of relationships, focused inwardly, and worried about what others would think of me. Never did I consider how the others were complicit in the actions I made. The girls teased me and flirted on purpose with the full understanding of what would happen. I didn’t make them kiss me or see them naked. They made it easy for me, equally aroused and craving sex.</p>
<p>This was a profound revelation to me, seemingly obvious once you acknowledged it. It takes two to dance. We used cliches without ever thinking about their origins. The girls owed me nothing, and they could have left whenever they liked, but they stayed, enjoying my company and everything we did. I could still feel the softness of their lips and how their bodies trembled in my arms when we kissed.</p>
<p>The night was too good for it to just end this way. I was a little tired but pushed myself, wishing to conduct just one more experiment. I would fly back home, regretting the missed opportunity if I didn’t try. My mildly obsessive-compulsive personality always demanded that extra step.</p>
<p>Like the night before, I booked the same VIP table in the bar as the previous night, intent on repeating the same task Dan gave me until I was satisfied I had risen to the challenge. If Dan could do it, so could I; his words, not mine.</p>
<p>I realised that, in reality, Dan was probably sharing only a tiny subset of his skills, and if I knew better, I could find some critique. I consciously suppressed such negative thinking. You choose your mentor and blindly follow them. The most beneficial thing for my success was to trust Dan one hundred per cent, the same way one trusts doctors when going for surgery. Nothing good comes from questioning your mentor. Trust and blind faith are the best strategies when trying to emulate another’s success.</p>
<p>I looked Dan up since we met and found all kinds of stories, both good and bad. That inner doubting mind wanted to dig deep and pick out all the dirt. As expected, some people loved him, with plenty of haters. And, just like with football, you can always count on commentators sitting on the side, offering their wisdom without ever getting on the pitch to play. Knowing all the rules isn’t the same as playing by them. One thing was apparent: Dan was a polarising character, often inducing verbal diarrhoea in haters. It seemed to me, just by the comments on the internet, that you can only be a feminist or a misogynist if you’re a man.</p>
<p>Sometimes, our minds can lead us so far astray that we can’t even trust our eyes. I’m sure someone would say, “Approaching women is a piece of cake.” God knows I saw plenty of men approach women without fear while I became paralysed. It might have been easy for others, but it was hard for me. I’d panic and sweat just thinking about it. Whenever I got close to someone, I felt like jumping out of my skin and running away. Sheer terror consumed me, and my mind froze like a deer in the headlights, paralysed in fear.</p>
<p>All of it was a massive deal for me, but somehow, Dan managed to rationalise it. He showed me how I could understand and connect with the knowledge I already had. Dan didn’t heal me; in fact, far from it. All he did was show me a way to cope with the overwhelming emotions and push myself harder. With each approach I made, it got a fraction easier. However, the panic was still there, along with the adrenaline response, except now I could deal with it and reduce it to manageable levels, just like with the rollercoaster.</p>
<p>In just one day, Dan turned me around. I thought I was a lost cause, messed up to the bone, unfixable, a freak, as they called me in school, a genetic reject. My sheer ability to approach and talk to women destroyed that illusion. It was incongruent. How could such a monster as I imagine myself be able to eat ice cream with two gorgeous girls half his age? Why would they kiss me or rub my penis? I could have fucked them both, but I didn’t, and it worked out better.</p>
<p>I had two friends on Instagram and a bunch of pictures. One of them was with two girls kissing my cheeks, hugging me and laughing. Two more photos showed me making out with Rylee and Callie separately. Would a freak or monster be able to do that? I scrolled through my pictures and smiled. Those weren’t posed like you often see on the internet. The smiles were natural, as was the body language. The girls were turned on by me, and I was turned on by them. You can’t fake that.</p>
<p>Dan made this happen. He gave me the core tools, and I extrapolated the rest. I was tapping in the dark and got lucky. I knew that, but it did nothing to curb my enthusiasm. From zero to hero in one night was a great personal success. Putting the women aside, the entire experience did wonders for my sense of self. It gave me confidence and just a smidgeon of self-respect. Somewhere deep inside me, I started to glimpse how it felt to be a man.</p>
<p>As I sat on a plush leather sofa with the best view in the house of the girls on the dance floor and their scantily clad bodies dancing, one might think of me as a bit of a pervert. Nothing could be further from the truth. My thoughts were far away from any sexual enterprise. They drifted to my true love, my two young boys, Liam and Callum. I missed them. Two months have passed since I last saw them. Tina and I had an agreement.</p>
<p>At first, she wouldn’t let me see my sons, Liam and Callum, who were six and five. They were my favourite boys. The verdict said Tina had full custody, and they allotted seventeen hundred pounds of alimony for each. Plus, she got to keep the house, half of our joint account, and half of all the assets.</p>
<p>I used to pay the money monthly, and she wouldn’t even pick up my calls. Tina was adamant about keeping me out of my sons‘ lives, and it hurt me more than anything she’s done to me. At first, I tried playing nice, going through the judicial system and lawyers. Still, nobody was even interested in hearing my side of the story. I was a villain on paper.</p>
<p>One day, I stopped the payments, and lo and behold, just three days later, Tina was screaming on the other end, threatening a lawsuit and promising I would never see my kids again. For the first time ever, I stood up to her. I said I was seeing a therapist who suspected I had bipolar disorder and that any stress could make me lose control. They had already warned me at work that I might get fired. As expected, she went ballistic and hung up the phone on me, spitting expletives. I never understood why she was angry with me. She was the one who broke our marriage. She was the one who cheated. It was she who filed for the divorce.</p>
<p>A couple of days later, she called me again. This time, she was happy and ready to compromise. I figured out the lawyers were powerless, so I took it upon myself to read the family law books from cover to cover. My lawyer grunted when I tasked him to find precedents, but he took my money and did his job regardless.</p>
<p>If I indeed was diagnosed with bipolar disorder and I ended up being fired, there was no way the courts would be able to put me in jail. I would end up being classified as vulnerable, potentially even in the care of the government and penniless.</p>
<p>I already took out most of my savings in cash and privately bought gold. It wouldn’t be hard to convince anyone that, without my job, I was bankrupt. The trifecta would mean Tina wouldn’t see a penny from me again, so she mellowed when I insisted on bringing her cash instead of a bank transfer.</p>
<p>It was all there, in black and white. The courts said I had to pay, but they didn’t specify how, so I would bring her an envelope once a month and give it to her only after I saw my children. After all, I was paying for them and performing a welfare check.</p>
<p>Tina hated it and often just sent the boys to meet me, but she got used to it and allowed me to take them to a park and play with them for a few hours. I loved them so much, and they cried each time. The boys took it hard, living with their mom.</p>
<p>I shook myself back to reality and took another sip, thinking. I was doing all of this for my own benefit, but what inspired me was the thought of my kids. They were boys, and I knew how growing up without a father was.</p>
<p>In a way, this was why I ended up as a failure for most of my life. There was no strong male role model I could look at and emulate. Nobody was there to teach me how to deal with my masculine traits. I knew how this story goes and how it ends. My boys didn’t do anything to anyone to deserve a life like that.</p>
<p>I was raised to be weak, obedient, effeminate, and scared, unable to raise my voice or even stand up for myself. I was a scared little kid, a momma’s boy, a freak whom people avoided, who couldn’t get a date even if I had a stash of fifties hanging off my breast pocket.</p>
<p>Nothing I did or said mattered to anyone. People laughed at me, bullied me, and marginalised me my whole life. All of this, the root of it, pointed at my father. He left me and did a runner.</p>
<p>History repeats itself from father to son. We get cheated on by our wives, and then they take our sons away to raise them as sissies, confused and scared, unable to stand up for themselves, weak and helpless.</p>
<p>This is where it stops, I told myself numerous times. I wanted to be a better father and learn how to be a man. I wasn’t raised to understand what it is to be a masculine man. All I ever heard was the constant whining of feminists inventing new ways to humiliate men. I couldn’t stand them.</p>
<p>It didn’t mean I hated women or didn’t support their rights. On the contrary, I loved them and wanted them to be their best. I was just tired of the same old tirade: men are evil; they are assholes. Probably even the feminists didn’t believe this crap. It was like a mantra one repeats to get yourself to the right frequency for receiving your daily social programming.</p>
<p>As soon as you say something about women, you are attacked and called a misogynist. Still, any crap that comes out of their mouth, we are all supposed to cheer and clap in awe, calling them brilliant and brave for standing up to the oppressive patriarchy and the evils of toxic masculinity just because they refused to wash the dishes.</p>
<p>My mother was one of those, and so was my wife. I didn’t want history to repeat itself with my sons suffering the same life. It was imperative for me to rise up and learn how to be a man. I didn’t have a strong masculine role model, but I was adamant about becoming one for my sons.</p>
<p>Equality is necessary in relationships and life. I wanted my sons to learn that you can equally respect men and women and maintain a balance instead of engaging in a power play. I wanted to teach them that you can love and respect women without being a simp or a cuckold like me and live as a man without feeling shame for being born male.</p>
<p>Thinking about my children often made me sad. Although I was dealt a bad hand, I was adamant about bluffing my way out and, sooner or later, making everything right for my boys.</p>
<p>I always thought too much and strived to analyse the situation from multiple sides. It would be so easy to justify what I was doing as some misguided altruistic effort to save my kids. But it would be a lie. I was doing it only for myself: my own benefit, my own sense of manliness, my own self-confidence, and self-respect. The entire purpose of this was solely to help myself. Still, one can’t deny the bigger picture of adopting a masculine attitude to life. As they say, a rising tide lifts all ships. I had a plan; this was a part of it.</p>
<p>The music changed, and a new group of people poured onto the dance floor. My attention was drawn to a pretty blonde wearing a skintight bodysuit that sparkled as if it were encrusted with gold and silver.</p>
<p>A guy in his late twenties fought the crowds to dance next to her, grinding his crotch against her butt, thinking she would bend down and twerk for him or something. Even I knew this was unrealistic. The girl’s dress was too tight, and her heels too high. She would have to be a contortionist or an acrobat to comfortably do that without falling or tearing her dress.</p>
<p>Like clockwork, just as predicted. The girl felt uncomfortable and moved away. I saw all that in a bar back home, all the moves and gambits, none of it worked. The girls would often come out in pairs to dance using exaggerated sexual moves. I called them the attention junkies because they feasted on the guy staring at them but never took even a drink from one of them.</p>
<p>A bar is a microcosm of the twisted reality we live in, where women have all the power to preen and get high on attention while being plied with free drinks. I saw a few getting approached, but it was an extraordinary event. This is what made Dan seem godlike. Without any effort, he got out of his chair and brought two to the table. That in itself was a minor miracle, but taking both upstairs seemed to me like Moses parting the Red Sea.</p>
<p>I scanned the girls‘ bodies and faces, calculating my chances with each of them, determined to get up and approach them, whatever the outcome. The worst that could happen if I was polite was for them to offer some excuse and send me on my way.</p>
<p>The fear of a bruised ego isn’t real. Why is it that whenever I imagined approaching any of them, my body would shudder from the release of adrenaline? That’s when it hit me. I had almost forgotten my exercise—change your focus and just go there. In many ways, a bar is similar to a roller coaster. I just had to get my head in the right space and find something to focus on while I delivered my lines. Once more into the breach, my friends. “This day is called the feast of Crispian: He that outlives this day and comes safe home will stand a tip-toe when the day is named and rouse him at the name of Crispian.” It was that simple, my own battle of Agincourt, performed in a bar in front of gorgeous women.</p>
<p>All was good, and I was determined, promising myself that the next beautiful woman I saw would be my cue to approach. That’s when I saw her standing by a support beam. It was that stunning black girl from the pool in the morning, and she was looking straight at me across the room.</p>
<p>It took everything I had to calm myself and appear confident, at least on the outside. On the inside, I was in a panic. Dan didn’t tell me what to do in a situation like this. My mind summoned all the movies with Kirk Douglas, John Wayne, Charles Bronson, and other actors I found masculine until I struck gold with Mickey Rourke. What would Mickey do if that girl was Kim, and he had nine and a half weeks? Some men are naturally confident. All they need is a charming smile and a stick of butter.</p>
<p>My face must have mimicked some of my thoughts as I smiled at the girl imagining Mickey Rourke and raised my champagne glass to her. She smiled back. “Mickey, meet Dan.“ I raised my hand and waved her over.</p>
<p>The gorgeous, curvy princess made her way across the room, and I almost panicked, doing everything I could think of to calm myself, including chanting prayers I didn’t understand.</p>
<p>“Nice to meet you. I’m Cassidy,” she said when I stood up, and we introduced ourselves.</p>
<p>“Please, join me for a drink,” I said, pouring two champagne glasses. “I saw you at the pool in the morning and felt like I missed my chance to talk to you after you left.” It was the truth, and I didn’t know what else to say. Cassidy giggled in response, clinking her glass against mine.</p>
<p>We drank and measured each other like two boxers entering an MMA cage. I was Connor, the lightweight, and she was Mike in his prime, outclassing and outranking me by several categories. I was playing my cards, but Cassidy ran the table.</p>
<p>She was an account manager for some marketing company in town for a conference of some sort that slipped my mind, as she told me. I was too distracted by the way she looked at me, her sinuous moves, and her curvy body. As we started to converse, my panic subsided. I had already won all that I wanted. The rest was an extra benefit. Cassidy loved to talk about her life, her family in Georgia, one brother and two sisters, and how she had recently finished her university and moved to Boston.</p>
<p>Perhaps Cassidy could detect my insecurities, so she was on a roll. As she ran out of things to say, I took over, telling her about London and Cambridge. Cassidy grew up reading old Canterbury tales. She was in love with English stories.</p>
<p>When I was younger, my mother took me to Stonehenge. I took a few courses at Nottingham University to share my impressions with Cassidy. She put her hand into mine, from what I believed was excitement, watching my face as I told her a story with wide-open eyes.</p>
<p>“Take me upstairs,” she whispered into my ear after we drank all the champagne. I almost died but somehow summoned the strength to pull her hand and lead her to the elevator. At the back of my mind, some voice screamed, telling me this was a trap and just a replay of the same thing that happened with Lexi, and I didn’t care. I couldn’t live my life afraid of everything terrible that might happen. Sometimes, good things come with bad ones, but anything is better than remaining stagnant. “If you’re not moving forward, you are slipping backwards.” I didn’t want that.</p>

</body>
</html>
