<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 7 - Home Sweet Home</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 7 - Home Sweet Home</h2>
<p>Home, sweet home; it was good to be back. The flight was uneventful, and I slept all the way. It was smart thinking to get an extra day off to get my mind back on its usual track. It was harder than I imagined, as the memories of the weekend kept barging into my head.</p>
<p>I was motivated and energised, a little spaced, almost missing the tube stop, and then I was home. My place suddenly felt a little modest. It was a one-bedroom apartment, modern and nicely furnished, but a far cry from the hotel’s opulence, let alone the weather and the view through my window. It sucked in comparison.</p>
<p>Still, I was in London; it was my town, right there in the centre, in the City of Westminster. It was smart thinking to rent the place instead of getting a mortgage for a new one or, even worse, liquidating some gold to buy my own apartment.</p>
<p>Something changed within me that made me look at the world from a different vantage. For some reason, things that used to seem unreachable looked quite ordinary now. Is this how it worked? Do all of us get seduced into the comfortable drudgery of everyday life? At what point do we stop noticing the difference between good and good enough?</p>
<p>It was the holiday effect without the exhaustion in the end. When you take your family and kids for two weeks in Spain, packing every waking moment with some activity on top of the screaming children, then come back home, you feel relieved, almost blessed that the ordeal is over. This was something completely different. I wanted to go out on the street. It was suffocating.</p>
<p>About an hour later, I felt much better. After a quick shower and a shave, I put on my walking shoes and headed to Marble Arch, Oxford Street, towards Leicester Square. It was my old stomping grounds, but I couldn’t remember the last time I walked by. Something pushed me forward and onward. I blamed the momentum, but I was running away from my situation. It was an organic response. Just the idea, after the best weekend of my life, of going back to the “old me” was intolerable.</p>
<p>You need only one shot of freedom to get instantly hooked. I didn’t know what to do; I didn’t know what to do with myself. After an hour of walking, I reached Oxford Circus, where my favourite bar was. It was early morning, and the place was closed.</p>
<p>Across the road was a footpath leading to the square with hundreds of people going here and there, shopping, living their lives, mixing with the tourists, all of them oblivious of everything, sleepwalking. Somehow, seeing them was a comforting sight. Not so long ago, I was like that, existing from one day to another in a comfortable routine, unchallenged, resting at my natural low energy level, like the lowest common denominator, happy to stay there.</p>
<p>I stopped after passing Wardour Street and tracked back. The W Hotel looked tall, modern, and imposing. I was a Marriott group premium member, which gave me discounts wherever I booked. It would be hard to explain why I was drawn to this place. I approached the reception and asked about breakfast.</p>
<p>It was still early; I was right on time, so I joined the other guests, ordered, and ate. Somehow, I felt much more comfortable here. The place reminded me loosely of the Miami hotel. It allowed me to pretend I never left, prolonging the sense that it was still the weekend.</p>
<p>Later in the day, after finishing two mugs of coffee deep in my thoughts, I had a plan. It was a cunning one. “If you’re not moving forward, you’re slipping back.” The words of my friend Jack haunted me. I was afraid that I would lose momentum after a month and even give up. I knew perfectly well how easy it is to get comfortable. The path to mediocrity is paved with compromises. I had to keep moving, pushing the envelope. Dan gave me an assignment, but it wasn’t enough. Tomorrow, I would get busy, and after a week, I would forget. I promised to give him a year of my life.</p>
<p>It took only twenty minutes of a leisurely stroll on Regent Street before reaching the Apple store. I hated the damn thing. For as long as I can remember, I have been a Unix guy using PC and Windows at both work and home.</p>
<p>We had a large on-prem data centre and a substantial offsite presence on both Amazon and Azure clouds, handling failover to guarantee five nines to our customers. It was all Linux with plenty of bespoke software. I was their senior engineer who wrote the most critical components, and that’s why they paid me almost three times as much as the others. They were too cheap to create a dedicated team, leaving me as the only one who knew how to keep the system alive. I engineered our software to work whatever happened, and in turn, the bosses made me a single point of failure.</p>
<p>The problem arose when the company migrated from legacy IBM mainframes and AS/400 systems. Someone somewhere messed up, and we lost two and a half million lines of code. It was the most critical component, the algorithm calculating and comparing prices of all participating companies at a rate of four hundred end-to-end composite transactions per second, extremely time-sensitive.</p>
<p>Panic ensued, and the company almost went bust. We had a blanket gag order as the bosses frantically tried to sort it out. I took it as a challenge, disassembled the module into pure HEX code, then using the Opcode manuals, figured out how the algorithm worked, patched the live system by directly injecting the bytes into memory, and voila, the problem was solved, and I got praised and promoted.</p>
<p>My subsequent analysis and estimation exercises showed that it would cost about twenty million pounds in labour costs alone to completely replace the system, times ten for all the middle management and overhead, not counting the hardware. None of the bosses were ready to sign that check, preferring to pay me a fortune from OpEx instead of justifying the additional CapEx to board members and shareholders. They knew the score. Someone was bound to ask why, drill down, and discover that this boss or another had messed up. Losing the code was an operational issue caused by budget cuts and subsequent lack of governance. Who needs redundant storage on source control systems? We did, precisely when they failed, and because the original design documents specified the redundant system, the code was never put on a disaster recovery plan. It was a clusterfuck that middle management buried, leaving it a skeleton in the corporate closet.</p>
<p>“How can I help you?” One of the “geniuses” asked. It always made me chuckle. Apparently, it was enough to put on a blue T-shirt to earn yourself a moniker typically reserved for Nobel laureates.</p>
<p>“I am looking to change,” I said, enjoying a very personal double entendre.</p>
<p>“Of course, sir. Please follow me.” He led me straight to a long white desk with a glass top displaying the computers.</p>
<p>“Does this come in pink?” I asked, pointing at one. I hated pink electronic gadgets, but they were as far from my taste as possible. I was a work in progress, so all my thoughts, likes, and dislikes were evolving, and I was ready to do anything to keep the momentum going.</p>
<p>“No, sir, but this one does.” He showed me a MacBook Air. It was slim and light, perfect for doing some work on the move. When he showed me the pink one, I thought I might be blinded. It would take me forever to get used to something like that.</p>
<p>I liked my computer, matte black with an anti-glare screen, or even better, a privacy shield, just like my ThinkPad X1 Carbon, running Linux, heavily customised, with maxed-out RAM so I could run multiple VMs on it, network them together, and test my software.</p>
<p>“Would you like anything else?” My head shook “no,” but my lips said, “Yes.” I was an Android man, through and through. I had my phone rooted, and I disabled Google’s spyware services, side-loading my apps from alternative sources. That’s why I liked Huawei phones with HarmonyOS. I trusted the Chinese more than my own government. That happens when you’re consistently lied to and promised one thing while they do the opposite. The biggest compulsive liar for the highest office.</p>
<p>Thirty minutes later, I was sitting in Starbucks, setting up my phone with an Apple account linked to an almost impossible-to-guess disposable email, loading it with a hundred-pound voucher, all paid for with cash.</p>
<p>Tina used to call me paranoid when I did things like that, but I knew exactly what personal data goes in or out. It’s called digital hygiene, just like never using the same password in two places. So many people fall victim to online scams and identity thefts. Nobody thinks it will happen to them until it’s too late.</p>
<p>A full passport scan is worth about thirty-five pounds on the dark web, allowing someone to open a bank account and engage in crypto trading. A criminal could destroy someone’s credit score and rack up all sorts of problems with potentially far-reaching consequences. Most people fail to understand that handing over a copy of your passport to someone is more dangerous than giving away your credit card.</p>
<p>I thought this would be uncomfortable, and I smiled, enjoying the noise-cancelling features of my brand-new AirPod Max headphones. I always preferred to work in silence, but now I had Iron Maiden blasting away to keep me on my toes, alert and uncomfortable. I had already set everything up, removing all programs and apps I didn’t need. Goodbye email, bye-bye nonsense. In a short time, I managed to set up the bare bones.</p>
<p>The only app I added was Instagram, which had all the pictures of me and the girls. I kept it private with a picture of a pitcher of Mai Tai cocktail as my avatar. Those who knew me would understand why, as in all likelihood, we shared one. I had to give it to the girls and their obsession with pictures. It was a convenient way to keep personal memories.</p>
<p>After all this excitement, I sat down and focused, working out the plan with all its components. The critical part for this month was to approach as many people as possible and make myself comfortable.</p>
<p>“What should I do if I fail?”</p>
<p>“Regroup and try again.” It was an obvious answer, but I learned something from the girls as well. Sometimes, people have much more to offer than what can be seen on the surface. It was the lottery ticket analogy over and over again. I lost the cash, but I gained something else. When I looked at it from another perspective, sometimes a win could appear as a loss in disguise.</p>
<p>Perhaps I thought too much and overanalysed, but it was my process. I didn’t set out on this journey to deny my identity. This wasn’t a fire sale to replace who I was. I wanted to alter a part of my life, improve and better myself, and be who I was, but with all dials turned to eleven. I lacked the social skills, but my brain worked just fine.</p>
<p>A group of students interrupted my musings, getting up, picking up their bags, and walking out. As they left, I noticed a girl who sat behind them. She was a gorgeous, petite young lady with delicate, straight, natural blonde hair—almost white. She couldn’t have been more than twenty at a stretch.</p>
<p>Instantly, my heart started to drum, and I felt like I was going to suffocate. I cursed myself, willing the fear to go away. In what world would a grown man in his early forties be afraid of talking to someone who looked like a teenager? Dan knew the score, and he sent me out to practice. I got up and walked over, making sure I didn’t knock anything over. That’s the problem with defocusing; everything around me was blurry.</p>
<p>“Hi, my name is Jim. I saw you sitting, and I thought you looked pretty. I would like to learn more about you and make friends.” The girl looked at me with confusion in her eyes. She remained silent but not upset.</p>
<p>“Would you mind if I sat down here?” She nodded, examining my face with a concentration unlike any I’d seen before.</p>
<p>“What is your name?” I asked, feeling our relationship hit its precipice. My panic grew, and my hand started to tremble. I wanted to puke; I wanted to escape. Then it came in a whisper.</p>
<p>“Amy,” she said, and I smiled, offering her my hand, and she shook it softly. Her skin felt smooth and warm.</p>
<p>“What are you reading?” She closed the book and pushed it towards me. I didn’t know what I was doing. Amy was complying and acting friendly, but she wouldn’t speak. I was in a panic, struggling to control my emotions and interpret her body language. All I could envision was myself running out of questions and just sitting there with the awkward silence, increasing the pressure until I’d stand up and excuse myself. She seemed to be telling me to leave her alone without using words, yet her eyes looked interested.</p>
<p>Amy was reading “Lady Chatterley’s Lover,” a famous book by D. H. Lawrence. I remember reading it when I was younger, but for my life, my mind went blank. I couldn’t recall a single scene. I was in a panic; it was embarrassing. I was about to thank her for her time, stand up, leave, and pretend it never happened. Then it hit me. It was something that Dan had said about reframing. All of it was sinking in.</p>
<p>“I am sorry,” I said. “I really like you, but I’m not good with people. I have an assignment to go out and talk to strangers, especially ones that make me nervous because they are so beautiful. I don’t have many friends and am trying to learn how to make them.” The girl’s eyes widened.</p>
<p>“I am not beautiful,” she said, and I shook my head.</p>
<p>“To me, you are one of the most beautiful girls I’ve seen.” Her neck blushed, and it spread to her face. She smiled, and I noticed. Her teeth were, indeed, distinct. They were nice and white but twisted, with large gaps between them, reminiscent of a creature from Tolkien’s tales. Amy caught my gaze and quickly put her hand over her lips. I could see her eyes welling up with tears.</p>
<p>“Hey, shh, don’t cry,” I comforted, slipping into a paternal mode. I could feel her anguish and pain, the bullying, the ridicule, the suffering she had experienced. “It’s okay. Honestly, it’s fine. Can you tell me something? Do you have a boyfriend?” Amy shook her head almost predictably. Her teeth were jarringly unique, something many would find shocking. She had just started university, studying comparative literature or something similar. I noticed the notes she had made. It seemed like first-year material, and the book type didn’t strike me as her top choice.</p>
<p>“Would you like to go out with me? I’d like to take you on a date.” She gasped, shaking her head, but her eyes were wide in astonishment. I was pretty sure no one had ever asked her out before.</p>
<p>“Come on, it’ll be fun. I know a great place just around the corner.” It took her a few minutes to gather enough courage, but she finally nodded in agreement. Trying to be a gentleman, I held the door for her and carried her bag. As we exited, I offered her my arm, which she tentatively grasped.</p>
<p>Her face was beet red, and her hands trembled. I chatted amicably, pointing out various landmarks like a tourist guide, recounting the history of this place or that, how things were when I was a kid. Just twenty minutes later, we reached the W hotel. The maître d’ took our coats and bags, and we were ushered into a romantic corner at the back.</p>
<p>Amy wanted Italian, while I ordered steak. Within moments, the red wine arrived. I chose the sweet one that I was sure she would like. After only one glass, Amy’s face turned a bit red. As I watched her drink, I thought she was probably one of the most stunning women around if only her teeth weren’t so pronounced. They were jarring. No words could adequately describe them. As soon as she opened her mouth, I felt the hairs on my arms rise. She seemed like the embodiment of horror stories and disturbing fairy tales. None of that reflected her character, but the visual effect was undeniable.</p>
<p>When she untied her hair and let it fall, I almost gasped. It was long, straight, and beautiful, covering the entirety of her back. Her soft, pouty lips, button nose, and oval face made her appear younger than she was. Amy clearly overcompensated. She invested a lot of effort into her appearance, but to fix teeth like hers would be long, painful, and prohibitively expensive. Amy dressed well, all high-street brands. Everything fit her perfectly, but she had nothing of significant value. Her whole ensemble was probably worth about two hundred pounds at best, including the bracelets and sneakers, as well as her inexpensive replica watch.</p>
<p>I said something funny, and she laughed with a pearly tone. This was the first time I heard her utter something louder than a whisper. Immediately, she noticed my gaze on her mouth and became quiet, covering it with her hand.</p>
<p>“I’m sorry,” she said, and her eyes looked distant again.</p>
<p>“It’s okay.”</p>
<p>“No, it’s not.” I could recognise a downward spiral from miles away. I’ve battled my own for most of my life. Such struggles had already shaped this wonderful young girl into a recluse, making her unapproachable and filled with insecurities. I didn’t need anyone to tell me Amy was untouched by romance—no boyfriend, no lover, no romantic interest. Everything would dissolve as soon as she opened her mouth. I didn’t want her to experience the pain I knew all too well. I felt compelled to act.</p>
<p>“Yes, it is okay,” I said and pulled her hand toward me. I learned this gesture from Rylee and Callie, not from Dan. She looked like a deer caught in headlights with her big blue eyes. My entire body was covered in goosebumps. It felt like the same moment I had with Callie just the day before. I wanted to scream, to run. I was filled with fear and panic and was petrified. My heart beat so fast I could feel it in my throat, but thinking of Callie got me through.</p>
<p>As my lips met hers, Amy closed her eyes. I put all my strength and experience into ensuring her first kiss was perfect. Time seemed to stop, and the world disappeared around us. It felt like we might have been frozen in that moment forever. When I opened my eyes again, I was nearly breathless. Every neuron in my body was on high alert. The kiss was incredible, but everything afterwards felt overwhelming. I wanted to scream from the rush of adrenaline.</p>
<p>The next time I looked at Amy, her face had changed. Her smile stretched from ear to ear, and she looked amazing, like a perfect doll transformed into a Halloween figurine with the teeth of a shark. She was in shock. It was her first kiss, and she loved it; her hand in front of her face was gone, and she felt confident that showing me her teeth wouldn’t scare me away. When I gathered my senses, I took her hand in mine. She squeezed it, and I could see the tears welling in her eyes.</p>
<p>“Thank you,” she said, then dried her eyes using a paper napkin. Luckily, that’s when the food arrived, and everything changed. Amy was a talker. I couldn’t have imagined that a girl as shy as she could chew and talk simultaneously.</p>
<p>It wasn’t the kiss but the self-confidence. I gave her a glimpse of something she needed. What goes around, comes around. Not so long ago, Lexi did precisely the same for me. It wasn’t about intimacy, but that one moment when I felt it was okay to be myself. Just one kiss was all it took to give that gift back, to pass it on to someone who needed it more.</p>
<p>There was no doubt in my mind: Amy was a foodie. She filled her mouth with pasta while eyeing my steak with envy. I cut off a piece and passed it to her, and she accepted it with the enthusiasm of a ravenous predator.</p>
<p>“I love steak.”</p>
<p>“You should have ordered it then.” Her eyes dimmed for a moment, but I smiled and playfully stuck out my tongue. She giggled and squeezed my hand, her eyes twinkling. I simply swapped her plate with mine, and Amy dove into the beef as though she hadn’t eaten in years.</p>
<p>It made sense. Her dental issues had taken over her life, influencing even her food choices. With interdental gaps like hers, she had a significant flossing challenge. I didn’t mind, and after twenty minutes, I barely noticed. She was so lovely, bubbly, and fun. Tragically, no one had ever given her a chance.</p>
<p>I didn’t want anything in return. All of this began as an exercise to immerse me in challenging situations and to use exposure therapy so I wouldn’t panic each time I interacted with someone new. Amy was a reflection of my own past struggles. There was a real possibility that her dental issues would overshadow her life, leading her into scenarios I couldn’t even fathom.</p>
<p>The waiter offered desserts while Amy finished her main course. I ordered a meringue pie with Maraschino cherries and chocolate mousse with orange slices. Observing Amy savour the desserts felt like watching a child discover new flavours, and it was my turn to laugh. Amy lifted my spirits and amused me. Once I got to know her a little, I realised her dreams and aspirations knew no bounds. Amy wanted to be a writer, an astronaut, and a sailor—a true dreamer at heart. She yearned to experience everything life had to offer and then some.</p>
<p>Just like me, she was an only child, raised by a single mother, a school librarian who earned a pittance. The two of them made it work somehow and loved each other. My mom and I never had a great time. She wasn’t my friend but a parent, insisting on that distinction at all times. I used to think she saw my father in me, and that’s why she resented me, but I failed to take into account life’s complexities. I was just a kid, and she was an adult, struggling and petrified. With my propensity for attracting trouble, no day was a picnic for my mother. In her desire to protect me, she coddled me and instilled a fear of connecting and asserting myself. She didn’t leave the house without antibacterial wet wipes and iodine, always ready to act, always ready to pounce and chew the head off anyone who even looked at me strangely. It made me feel I was different, like some sort of a monster I couldn’t see in a mirror, but everyone else could.</p>
<p>In the end, there was no bomb, and I didn’t write a song, but the world did try to break my balls, so I built my wall. I learned never to run for president; I learned to distrust the government. I learned how to shield myself from the firing line. In the end, it was all a waste of time.</p>
<p>And this is where the chorus of my life began. Mother taught me how not to cry. She made all my nightmares come out. Mother put all her fears into me. She kept me close to her, right under her wing. She didn’t let me fly, but she did let me sing. Mother always kept me cosy and warm. “Oooh baby,” Mother helped me build the wall.</p>
<p>I would lock myself in my room, headphones on, music loud, eyes closed, listening to Pink Floyd. Roger Waters and the rest of the band became the prophets of my time.</p>
<p>Amy put on her coat while I paid, and then we walked out hand in hand. This time, her fingers entwined with mine, her step was light, and her face wore an ear-to-ear smile. We weren’t far, just a few hundred yards away, right on Leicester Square.</p>
<p>She looked at me with questions in her eyes but followed without hesitation. Clearly, this was her first time visiting the Empire. Most people pass by the place a million times, seeing only a casino and lose interest. The Empire is one of London’s little secrets; forget the gambling and enjoy the ambience. It’s a perfect place to take someone for an evening date, and if you so wish, place a bet on eleven to test your luck before taking her up.</p>
<p>A few floors above is the square’s secret gem, the Icon Balcony Bar, from which you can observe people walking around. The view is unparalleled while sitting on plush brown leather chairs in a cosy, dark, almost sultry and hedonistic ambience.</p>
<p>With the shadows sculpting vivid shapes out of thin air, nobody could notice anything Amy wanted to hide. She would be able to relax and just be herself. She thanked me with her eyes as she squeezed my hand again, then turned her gaze to the view outside.</p>
<p>I got us some drinks and a few easy-to-drink cocktails. It was still too early to put the ol’ liver through its paces. We talked hand in hand about our fears, our goals, and life. Just like me, she had a private Instagram profile. Hers was full of cats, flowers, and smiling family members, while mine was full of girls kissing my cheeks and acting like mischievous creatures.</p>
<p>“You seem to be quite popular with the ladies,” she said, squinting as her sarcasm dripped. It would appear as much without background or context. Instagram is a graveyard of broken memories, like mirror shards reflecting only the happy moments.</p>
<p>I was fed up with lies; I’ve been lied to all my life. Lies and pretence were the dish of the day, served with cold cuts of ambition and a warm slice of narcissism for those lone winter days. All of them met at the church of the internet, praying to social media divinities.</p>
<p>“You shall not make for yourself a carved image, or any likeness of anything that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth. You shall not bow down to them or serve them.” The words of the Lord boomed from heaven, but nobody heard them. All of the creation was busy watching TikTok videos or making asinine comments on Twitter.</p>
<p>All of it culminated in one place where everyone congregated to worship one another: Instagram, a breeding ground for histrionic personality disorder.</p>
<p>I didn’t want to project any image or cover my flaws with fine white powder that makes common things shiny and the world rose-tinted. I wanted to be me, just me, love me or hate me, take me or leave me. Since I could remember, I fought the war, trying to find myself, lost in the woods, deep in the forest. And now that I had a glimpse of what was possible, I didn’t want anything more or less. I wanted to fall in love with myself.</p>
<p>For the next twenty minutes, I sat and explained, telling Amy the story of my life. I didn’t want to get married. I didn’t want to make any commitments. Amy was a great girl and a beautiful creature. I didn’t want to present myself in any other way. I didn’t want to influence her or use predatory tactics. Just because she was young and inexperienced didn’t mean she should be treated with less respect. Human value comes from deep inside after you discard your clothes and take off your masks. That is who we are and who I was talking to. I wanted to be Amy’s friend without aspirations for anything else. I didn’t want a girlfriend or a romantic adventure. What we had there and then was more than I had dreamt. It was enough for me, and I was happy.</p>
<p>Amy’s eyes studied mine with such intensity. I was so careful with her, just being honest. She stopped me at one moment with a soft kiss. I had said enough already.</p>
<p>We sat in silence, holding hands, sipping our drinks, and watching the people move. We opened up to each other, rubbing our hands together with our fingers. Amy’s eyes were as beautiful as a bright summer sky, and her lips so inviting, so pink and succulent. She won me over a million times, and nothing else mattered, so I asked her to dance. It might be seen as weird, but I didn’t care. The bartender smiled and turned up the volume.</p>
<p>Imagine having such a perfect creature, so light and small, so soft and petite, in your arms. Holding her felt like holding a feather, with her head resting on my shoulder and her hair hiding her face. At that very moment, she was the most beautiful to me. Nothing else existed in that perfect moment.</p>
<p>That night, as I lay in my bed, replaying the moments of the day, I felt grace. It touched me, and I felt blessed. Often, I would ridicule people who put their faith in an imaginary figure, but I understood it then. People needed to have faith, just like they needed air and water. We all needed to believe in something, whether it be a god, nature, the universe, or the hardest one to believe in: faith in ourselves.</p>
<p>For all my fears and insecurities, all of my drama and social issues, I was glad to be myself that day and wouldn’t trade it for anything else. I realised the key to success was truth, being genuine, not so much with others but with yourself.</p>
<p>Every time I approached someone, I was afraid, shaking, petrified. That was because I didn’t know who I was, or more precisely, I wasn’t okay with myself. If I hated myself, I would project that fear onto others. How could someone like me if I didn’t even like myself? That was the core of the problem. I approached people with my Instagram pictures, smiles between tears, and the highlight moments amidst the mundane, expecting them to fill in the blanks with their own imagination and insecurities. I was hoping people would fool themselves and pretend not to see what I desperately tried to hide from them.</p>
<p>I didn’t fully know who I was, but I was trying to find out and working to get better. One thing was certain: no more lies or pretence. My perfect conversation starter would be, “Hi, my name is Jim, and I’m a work in progress.”</p>

</body>
</html>
