<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 8 - Pretty Boy</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 8 - Pretty Boy</h2>
<p>My return to the office turned out to have less of an impact than I anticipated. Perhaps it was Amy who kept me rooted in the idea of personal development. Every time I felt like I was slipping, she brought me back by refocusing me and pushing me forward.</p>
<p>Amy wasn’t the only one. The American girls, Rylee and Callie, lit up the ether. I’d spend twenty minutes each morning just liking pictures and answering messages.</p>
<p>The rest of the month passed like a breeze with a busy social calendar. There wasn’t a day when I would finish my work and head straight home to rest. I would take Amy at least once every week to see plays or dine at new fancy places. Da Terra, Trivet, Library &amp; Sketch, Ramsey, or Blumenthal—I’d spend my free time researching these places, then hours on the phone trying to book them.</p>
<p>Every day, I would choose a bar after studying the movement of people. From student hangouts to places for middle-aged ladies, I had them researched and mapped. I made it a point to go out and make friends, where I would approach them and stick around till the end.</p>
<p>My social calendar was becoming unmanageable, and after two weeks, my new acquaintances started calling me and inviting me to their favourite places. I said “no“ to no one, even if just for a few minutes. I knew how hard it was to make new friends, and I wanted to keep all of them.</p>
<p>“Yes, I understand. I’ll see you this weekend.” Dan called me to make an appointment. For a split second, I wondered what more was needed, as my social life was better than ever. You don’t know what you don’t know, so I brushed it aside. Life is a journey, not a destination, they say.</p>
<p>Despite all my new social activities, I never had anyone over to my place. That’s why it felt so weird on Saturday when the doorbell rang, and I let a young woman make her way inside.</p>
<p>“I’m Rita,” she said, shaking my hand. Without further ado, she proceeded into my bedroom and rifled through my drawers and wardrobe as if I weren’t there, throwing almost everything onto my bed.</p>
<p>After a few minutes, I felt out of place, so I made a cup of coffee and drank it on the balcony. It took Rita almost an hour before she came out, sat down opposite me, and pulled out her computer.</p>
<p>“These are your colours,” she said, turning the laptop around. Then she launched into a spiel about colour theory and matching different shades to skin types and eyes, moving on to cloth variety, stitching, and the weave.</p>
<p>At first, it was all exciting, but I must admit, I soon lost interest. My style was utilitarian. I bought what was necessary, fit well, and was durable. My ex-wife made me buy more fashionable garments, but I didn’t wear them often.</p>
<p>“I’ll send you all this in a report later. Are you ready to go? This will be expensive.” I almost laughed. Dan sent me his best stylist to turn me into a man.</p>
<p>We took a taxi instead of the tube. It was much slower, but Rita insisted. With nothing else to do, we chatted. She told me about her life. She was originally from Poland but was living in Croatia, in some place by the sea that I instantly forgot.</p>
<p>That’s where Dan was from, and he loved it. I promised myself I would go there one day to see him. It made sense for him to find someone local and fly them worldwide as occasions arose. I knew Dan had quite a lucrative business where millionaires with yachts and private planes would fly over to get a consultation with him one-on-one.</p>
<p>The taxi stopped at Harrods, and Rita led us into the basement. Little did I know, they had a dedicated private fitting room there. It was designed for high-value customers with a ten grand minimum spend. It came with a personal shopping assistant, tea, and cookies.</p>
<p>It was a clever setup. Instead of going up and down, bumping into people and waiting for someone to pay attention to you before trying on a jacket, they would bring everything down, precisely in my fit and size. The first thing they did was strip me down to my socks, take all the measurements, and then run out like mad.</p>
<p>“Yes, no, maybe, put it on this pile,” Rita waved her pen like a conductor leading the play. She was conducting the grand opera using the Harrods Philharmonic orchestra of salespeople and assistants, coming in and out, carrying all sorts of goodies to make my shopping experience memorable.</p>
<p>Somewhere along the line, I lost my will to live. It all turned into a blur, and I stopped caring about what was on which pile. Rita would tell me, “Put this on,” and I would do it. Then she would shake her head, saying, “No, no, no,” and give me something else.</p>
<p>I didn’t know how long we were there, but I felt hungry, tired, and emotionally exhausted. Then, suddenly, it all stopped, and I perked up. I was left with only one pile, and they were packing up.</p>
<p>The clothes I came in mysteriously disappeared. When I asked about them, Rita shrugged and said, “Maybe someone threw them out by mistake,” and smiled. I was willing to bet she knew precisely where they were.</p>
<p>“You need a new watch,” she said. I protested, showing her my golden collector’s item. Rita nodded and made a case that it was a beautiful timepiece but looked slightly mature for my overall style. I almost laughed.</p>
<p>Five seconds later, I almost choked. They brought me the bill; the tab was eighteen thousand pounds and some loose change. My entire wardrobe had cost me a fraction of that.</p>
<p>“You’ve got six pairs of shoes on order and a dozen shirts.” The man who came to measure my feet was a cobbler, and they were making shoes for me to measure. I didn’t even know it was done anymore in this modern era of consumer lifestyle.</p>
<p>I swallowed hard. The salespeople almost had to pry the credit card from my hand, and my frown must have been quite something when I was typing in my PIN.</p>
<p>“There go my savings.”</p>
<p>“I hope not. We are just starting.” I harrumphed all the way, following her to the jewellery section with all sorts of fancy watches. We spent ten minutes there before she picked out one. The salesman put it on my wrist, and I smiled. I actually liked that. It was kind of funky and futuristic but well-made and felt good.</p>
<p>“This is Tag Heuer Monaco,” the salesman said. “Automatic chronograph, thirty-nine millimetre, Titanium.” He went on to explain that the watch was on backorder without an estimated delivery date. This was a show copy, available to me for a measly eleven thousand, limited edition and rah, rah, rah. He had me at titanium, as deep inside, I never stopped being a geek, and the watch looked exquisite. So much so that I didn’t want to take it off my wrist. Tip-tip, tap-tap, and there went another eleven grand, but I didn’t feel sorry for it. I got something I truly enjoyed.</p>
<p>We were almost done, and I felt relieved. I wanted to leave the store quickly while I still had my pants. That’s when Rita pulled my sleeve.</p>
<p>“We’ve got just one more thing, but you’ll like this one.” She led me through the store into a small corner boutique. Every ounce of reason in me wanted to run, but it was too late, and I was caught. I found myself sitting surrounded by phones made of precious metals with jewels embedded.</p>
<p>“I already have a phone,” I said, pulling out my brand-new iPhone, and they smiled.</p>
<p>“Not like this one,” the salesman commented, pulling out a tray of Android phones. But these were made with grade-5 titanium, reserved for aerospace and medicine, featuring a hundred-and-thirty carats of sapphire instead of tempered glass, virtually unscratchable. Even if we put aside the fine leather finish and the fact it was handmade, the phone had advanced security features and a special button that calls the concierge service. I was sold but couldn’t get a word in, waiting for the salesman to finish his spiel. In the end, I thought, let’s run a quick test.</p>
<p>“Okay, I’ll buy it under one condition. If the concierge can book me a table.” They took the bet. Apparently, it wasn’t a very original challenge. They handed me another phone. I pressed a button, and a person answered.</p>
<p>“Hi, I would like to make a reservation,” I said, giving the date and the restaurant’s name. I’ve been trying to reach them, but they were always either busy or overbooked. It was an impossible challenge, and I was curious about what they would say.</p>
<p>Ten minutes later, the phone rang, and twenty minutes later, I walked out, another ten grand lighter. I didn’t even want to think about how much money I spent; I was too busy setting up my new digital friend with a dark tangerine-coloured leather back. I wanted black, but Rita protested.</p>
<p>“But black is classic.”</p>
<p>“Only inside a casket.”</p>
<p>“Are we done for the day?” I asked, and Rita just smiled, hailed a cab, and we drove away. She arranged for all the boxes with my purchases to be delivered later, so we had free hands to cause more damage to my financial profile.</p>
<p>I wanted to jump out of the cab as soon as it turned a corner. Immediately, I recognised the street. It was Savile Row, in spitting distance from Regent Street on the other side of SOHO, my regular stomping grounds.</p>
<p>It was a street like any other, no different from another, except it was famous for bespoke tailors, well-known worldwide. All the Pradas, Armanis, and Versaces of the world didn’t have as much clout when it came to suits as this little street in the West End, seemingly inconspicuous. At that moment, I was convinced that Rita was a sadist whose only purpose was to bankrupt me.</p>
<p>After two hours of torture, I paid for my order—six suits and a dozen shirts in a business style, modern cut with the best quality materials. I was spent and done, morally destroyed by the time we got out. We crossed the road to a small street cafe, where I plonked into a chair while Rita ordered refreshments.</p>
<p>“Please tell me this is it.”</p>
<p>“We’re almost done,” she smiled, quickly explaining that there wouldn’t be any more massive purchases.</p>
<p>“Explain this to me. What happens if someone doesn’t have that kind of money to spend? What do you do then?” It was a good question with a frightening answer; looking after yourself is not something you do once.</p>
<p>We did a big push because I could afford it. Dan knew that, and I let him know how much I could spend. Someone with a tighter budget would get a quick makeover and slowly, over time, replace their wardrobe following a similar plan to the one she would email to me later.</p>
<p>My problem was that I was like a hamster, a hoarder. If a piece of clothing was structurally sound, I would keep and use it until it fell apart. Some of my items survived a decade. They were bleached and stretched, and the fabric lost its original shape, but the stitches held. And even though technically they were little more than rags, I kept them.</p>
<p>Today, we replaced your entire wardrobe. Apart from a few pieces like your Armani suit, nothing worth saving is left; you should throw them away when your new suits arrive.</p>
<p>“But it is a good suit. I barely wore it.”</p>
<p>“That’s not the point. It is Armani. It shouts cringe. It communicates that you’re trying too hard without having a taste. The only good thing about it is the label, which makes you look incongruent. If one thing doesn’t seem real, nothing does; all of it is a mirage.” This was the moment when it all clicked. Looking good is a continuous refinement process. Rita just got me started, but I was expected to pay attention to how I presented myself. This meant repeating what I just did at regular intervals, just not so intensely and at a slower pace.</p>
<p>Rita only had a day, and she was flying out tonight. She had to get me to the point where I could look in the mirror and understand the concept. This method was more effective than starting in the middle and slowly getting rid of the old wardrobe over time.</p>
<p>Shopping was exhausting, and I didn’t enjoy it, but now that I understood how it worked, I wanted to do it again, just with less pressure. I felt conflicted about spending so much cash all day, but not anymore. Since Miami, I made it a point to eat out in a fancy place. I could certainly afford it as I was making a small fortune compared to other workers. It is a good business when you are at the top of the food chain.</p>
<p>“What’s next, then?” I asked, feeling excited.</p>
<p>“Let’s find you a barber.” I knew the answer to that. Immediately, the barbershop I found popped into my mind, and it wasn’t far from where we sat. A short cab ride later, I found myself sitting in a chair.</p>
<p>Rita took control of everything, opening her laptop and negotiating with a man. I closed my eyes while he put a mask on my face before proceeding with a wash and shave. I enjoyed the wash and scalp massage. If someone massaged my feet at the same time, I could just nod off and sleep forever.</p>
<p>“All right, we’re done,” the man said, and I sat up. It took me a second to recognise myself looking back. My haircut looked modern, making me look younger.</p>
<p>“Did you colour my hair?”</p>
<p>“Just tinted it a little with coloured shampoo. It will wash away.” My entire presence looked sharper, and finally, everything slotted into place; the clothes I wore emphasised my eyes, connecting the entire ensemble into one cohesive picture. It made me look masculine and well-groomed.</p>
<p>“You should cut your hair once a month,” she said, and I decided to make it a habit to pop in once a week for a shave, adding it to my routine.</p>
<p>A few doors down was a nail salon, and Rita took me there. The lady working there had me sit with my hands and feet bare. She cut my nails, fixed my cuticles, treated my feet, and made me feel fresh. That was it; we were done. The rest was up to me, applying the same process for the rest of my life.</p>
<p>I was sure Dan would explain how all of it connected, but even now, when I looked at myself in the mirror, I felt much more confident. They say that clothes don’t make a man, but they sure did something. I never seemed as tall to myself, so distinguished and manly. It almost felt like the man in the mirror would say something of significance.</p>
<p>“I have to leave now. We’ll be in touch,” Rita said, handing me her business card with contact details, emphasising that I could reach out if ever I needed help. I was sure to use it and stored it in my new Burberry wallet.</p>
<p>That night, I had a date with Amy and applied all I had learned. She did a double-take when she saw me and held my hand tighter than ever before.</p>
<p>After I got home, the Harrods delivery arrived. It took me a while to unpack what I bought while throwing all my old clothes into the garbage. I understood what Rita had told me, and I thought I needed a clean break. The clothes I bought might not be enough, but I was resolved to shop as required. Perhaps in a month, I would have enough for every occasion.</p>
<p>With everything done, I sat in a chair with the wardrobe open and admired my new treasure trove. Rita bumped me up a few notches in class, so all I owned now shared a common theme of a man who had taste and style and didn’t compromise on how he presented himself.</p>
<p>I spent so much money today, but I looked at my watch and smiled. For some reason, it made me happy to wear it, and I thought about how good it felt. I wanted to share some of that feeling and do something good with my cash.</p>
<p>Luckily, I knew exactly what to do with it, and I was itching to press the red button on my phone. I called the concierge, and ten minutes later, she put me through to a clinic in Eastern Europe. They spoke good English and offered first-rate service after I explained what I wanted.</p>
<p>By the time I was done haggling, I had everything organised and transferred twenty grand to them. In retrospect, spending an additional twenty thousand barely made a dent. Still, it made me feel like it was one of the best purchases I ever made.</p>
<p>The Icon Balcony Bar became my usual spot for a date, but I came in early on purpose. I was transferring everything from my new iPhone to my new Android Vertu, feeling better about myself. I gave it a good try, and it served its purpose, but using an Apple phone annoyed me too often. I didn’t need to be prodded anymore to push myself forward lest I slip back, so in a sense, the phone outlived its usefulness. On the other hand, my MacBook Air kind of grew on me, especially after I covered all the offending pink parts with third-party skins.</p>
<p>I smiled, noticing Amy’s big eyes. She looked at me like I was another man. That’s all I needed to see to understand how great an impact it was. We had our drinks, and then we kissed, but this time, she put my hand on her breast and made me squeeze it.</p>
<p>We kissed harder, touched and fondled. I could feel Amy’s breath in my ear as she bit it, then silently she whispered, “I want you,” then kissed me again. I looked into her eyes and smiled.</p>
<p>“Are you sure? I mean,” she shushed me.</p>
<p>“I want you to be my first,” she said, and I took her hands into mine and kissed them. A waiter brought us some nachos with chilli con carne, so we detached and made ourselves look presentable.</p>
<p>“Oh, I almost forgot. I’ve got a little present for you,” I said and handed her an envelope. Her smile was infectious, and her fingers were impatient, pulling out a piece of white printed paper.</p>
<p>“What is this?” She read it but didn’t understand it, so I encouraged her to read it back to me. That’s when it happened.</p>
<p>“This can’t be.” Her eyes spoke in volumes, filling with tears, and then they rolled. For the rest of the night, she held onto me and cried, hugging and kissing me over and over. I knew I was right. It was the best twenty grand I had ever spent.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>The following morning, I had a big day. “Let’s meet for breakfast. We have a lot to cover,” Dan said. I met him at ten at the Hilton Hotel and shared a croissant with butter and jam.</p>
<p>“How was your day with Rita?” He smiled as he asked. I was pretty sure he knew the answer. Dan made me stand and walk up and down, adding some notes to his laptop. At the end of each week, I would send him a summary of all my activities, my wins and failures in connecting with new people. He recorded everything and got it graded.</p>
<p>“Today, we cover another aspect: how you present yourself.” It was a lengthy subject covering dress style, body language, fitness, and health. I would struggle to understand half of that if I didn’t spend a day with Rita, who set me up.</p>
<p>She didn’t just change what I wore, but how I thought about clothes. It was a different mindset, utterly alien to me but natural to others.</p>
<p>“Let’s start with posture, eye contact, and smile, the way you move your hands as you express yourself.” All of it built a picture of the person who communicated, creating an overall impression that’s either good or bad.</p>
<p>Humans are incredibly adept at picking up even the tiniest clues. Even if they missed it, their subconscious caught it and created a feeling, an intuition about someone. Is that person nervous or confident? How does he walk or stand? Is he healthy or not? A million questions run through our minds at the speed of thought.</p>
<p>“Clothes don’t make a man, but a man wears them.” It’s like a uniform, how he presents himself. “Clothes are an expression of self. Ask any fashion student.” People believe you can tell a lot about them just by knowing their zodiac sign. Imagine how much you could tell about them if their favourite colour is red. You’ll know to buy roses instead of daisies, for example.</p>
<p>“How we carry ourselves projects our inner sense of identity using clothes, materials, and colour like Lego bricks.” The clothes also served as a self-sorting mechanism, a way that allows us to self-identify and join this group or another.</p>
<p>“Fashion is also utilitarian. Try entering a club or bar without wearing dress shoes and a shirt without a collar.” I find a lot of truth in that. My office demanded that all employees dress in business casual attire, but the managers always had to wear a tie. “It is the price of admission, a uniform,” he said, and it made a lot of sense.</p>
<p>Never before did I consider any of that. We go through the world and follow the rules. They tell you to wear this, and you don’t think anything; just do what you’re told so you can do your job, fulfil your purposes, and be an important cog in a vast machine. Nobody knows why; nobody asks.</p>
<p>“The name of the game today is one per cent. Every woman wants one of them, and if you want to dip from this pool, you better learn how to project.” What Dan was telling me was a bitter pill. He spoke about how the world turned regardless of what we thought of it. Even if my personal values were diametrically opposite, you either joined them or you perished chasing the windmills.</p>
<p>Society is ruthless. It operates by its own rules, like an organism with its own life and intelligence, a multicellular virus that feeds on everyone. I found this true in my own life as well. When I thought about the people promoted into management, I realized they weren’t the best or brightest at their jobs, but they were the best-dressed, smiling charlatans. They were the corporate poltroons failing upwards, ready to polish boots with the tips of their tongues.</p>
<p>The directors of my company were not the smartest, but they were the most socially adept, greased and lubricated, Teflon-coated with sloppy shoulders, smooth talkers with forked tongues and poisoned daggers in their velvet gloves.</p>
<p>“Is it fair? That’s academic, but you can’t change it, so you bring it together and project what is of benefit.” Dan was right. There is no glory in projecting the average.</p>
<p>Women use makeup; we buy expensive cars. It is the image that makes an impact before you open your mouth. Nobody will hear your message, no matter how good or smart, if you try to enter the venue wearing a wife-beater and sandals. That only worked for Jesus Christ, and even he ended up crucified.</p>
<p>Maybe in some distant future, things will be different after we figure out how equity works. We would all get the same, the same wife and the same children, paid the same for what we deserved, not what we earned.</p>
<p>We would all be exactly the same, men and women, and those in power could decide what is right or wrong for everyone else. We wouldn’t have to think or make any choices, just lift our fists up and swear allegiance to the red flag representing the blood of the people with a sickle and hammer for all the workers, the proletariat that owns nothing but who is happy with everything, or else they’ll take him away to have his thinking corrected.</p>
<p>Sometimes, my mind would wander into strange and frightening places. As I listened to Dan, I realised the world we lived in was like an onion with multiple layers. The key was to learn how to navigate and seamlessly fit into a group that prospered. It was more than just an expression or a fashion statement; it was a survival skill that most had not mastered.</p>
<p>The importance of presentation is often overlooked. You think you’re better, so you do the opposite and deny high-fashion brands, ridiculing the price. They didn’t spend all their billions on research and marketing but on shaping everyone’s perception to suit their narrative. We were programmed with it from the beginning to such an extent that it shaped our perception of beauty.</p>
<p>They took something natural, extended it, and stretched it until it turned into Barbie dolls played with by children. Little girls everywhere starved themselves and even died to reach the impossible beauty standards set by the industries. Then they turned around and decided to be body positive, and celery became a hamburger, fat ass crisscrossed with stretch marks, dripping in sweat, and a thigh gap that starts at the knees became so attractive that they had to reinforce the runway with steel load-bearing trusses so it wouldn’t bend and cause an ecological catastrophe in need of Greenpeace.</p>
<p>Changing it would take a revolution, and my name is not Che. I was just a guy who wanted to live his life the best he could. Some could say, “I got no skin in the game,” but that is a lie. If you’re not helping, you’re a part of the problem. I had to accept that and make my peace with it, give up the fake mantra where you pretend to support it.</p>
<p>I supported climate activism, feminists, and LGBT, but deep down in my heart of hearts, I never truly gave a shit about any of it. I had plenty of my own problems to deal with before I worried about the woes of others. I was an ally to everyone, paying lip service like everyone else, virtue signalling to fit in, slightly annoyed with them making me kneel, as if I cared about what happened to someone far away. Yes, it was terrible, and I felt a little sad, but so I did when we bombed Iraqi children. Why didn’t we kneel then? Let’s judge people by their individual actions rather than lumping them together into a box and setting it on fire. It was all a narrative spoofed to us by the machine, and I was done.</p>
<p>This world was doomed, and I was pretending not to be a part of the problem. Sometimes, I left the lights on at night because I couldn’t be bothered to get out of bed, and in the morning, I felt bad about that, not because I was killing the planet, but because if someone found out, they would give me a piece of their mind.</p>
<p>What Dan was saying was to find myself, reject the fake morality, and accept who I am. Who I was at that moment was a fluid concept, changing by the day, growing, evolving, learning, transforming into someone different. I was streamlining, throwing off the pretence, the cocoon I used to hide in to protect myself from the elements.</p>
<p>I liked what I saw in the mirror now. I looked better and more confident. Why should I pretend to care about those less fortunate? I paid my dues and did my time. I was a capitalist with a socialist mindset, happy to give my money to anyone who needed it, leaving only the crumbs for myself because I was told I didn’t deserve it. What did I get back from it? Not even thanks, just the opposite. They say that god helps those who help themselves, so I decided to allow others to do the same by stopping my help and focusing on my own problems.</p>
<p>I spent thousands on clothes, and I liked the result. I was determined to spend more and continue spending, investing in myself. “Never be selfish or self-centred. Be generous, understanding, and ready to help.” My mom would always talk this way, shaming me when I thought about myself.</p>
<p>That Jim was gone. I was done with that nonsense, the liberal goodie two shoes pretending to care just to placate the neighbours and friends. They were all just a bunch of posers anyway, probably doing the same thing I was without genuine concern for others. We lie to our loved ones to keep the pretence of all of us caring about issues affecting others.</p>
<p>I cared about one big issue: mine. My kids were taken away because my ex-wife used me, cheated, and then lied. She said I was abusive and a danger to my children, and the judge just nodded as if she could tell no lies because only truth comes out of the mouths of ex-wives. Where was the understanding then? Was it because I was a white heterosexual man, so I wasn’t vulnerable enough or suffering sufficiently? Where were my so-called friends when I was having panic attacks and crying? Where was society when I stood on the bridge, thinking about ending it? The only reason why I didn’t jump was the casual strollers at night. I didn’t want to shock them. I was worried about how my death would affect their psyche. What would they think about me? I was ashamed. That was my world, and I was pathetic. I was done with this shit.</p>

</body>
</html>
