<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 9 - Uncomfortable Truth</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 9 - Uncomfortable Truth</h2>
<p>I thought it would be a breeze to sit down with Dan and talk about what to wear, but he threw me a curveball, exposing a flaw in my character I didn’t even know existed. It made me look at myself through a different lens, giving some credence to the saying that beauty is in the eyes of the beholder.</p>
<p>Never before did I even attempt to connect the obvious dots. I went through the world obsessed with beauty and fashion, casually dismissing the advents of TikTok and Instagram as just a fancy of the few or a pastime without considering the broader social impact.</p>
<p>Like it or not, we all participate in social life, even when we hide inside our homes or offices. We walk on the street; we buy groceries. Even when we refuse to play the game, we are seen by others, evaluated and analysed, sorted and classified. That’s what the brain does; it makes judgments and looks for patterns.</p>
<p>This lesson would have been less potent if it hadn’t been for Amy. Her reaction told me everything. She saw the new me, the cleaned, spruced-up version served on a silver platter, pressing all her buttons, lighting all her switches. It was the heavy programming women have been exposed to since the beginning—the media, the TV, her friends, and family. Amy absorbed it with her mother’s milk, along with the rest of society.</p>
<p>It wasn’t the David and Goliath problem but a “me, alone against the world” issue. One can pretend he is morally superior, not falling for marketing, refusing to play the game, or going against the grain because it feels superficial and illogical, but that would be a fool’s errand. I was playing the fool all my life, lying to myself, despising the consequences. There was only one winning strategy—if you can’t beat them, join them.</p>
<p>This was the epiphany, and I accepted it. So, I decided to study it. In fact, that was my task for the month—to work on my presentation, dress style, and body language, to understand how it worked, which colours suited me, the appropriate fabrics and patterns, what to wear and when, what goes with what, and learn how to project. I aimed to develop this skill and internalise it. My mission was to create new habits built around fitness and hygiene, to make it my everyday routine, a part of my subconscious self, a natural part of every day.</p>
<p>Dan watched my transformation unfold before his eyes, my inner struggle to adapt and accept the new way. It would be a hard one. At first, I wondered why it was a month, but after I delved into this journey, I thought it might not be enough. It was a steep hill to climb but also a challenge. With every step I took, every day, I felt inching closer to becoming a man who is strong and masculine, a man that others look up to—sharp and dependable. I wanted to be all that for my children.</p>
<p>It felt good to stand up and stretch my legs after spending most of the day dissecting the presentation and its aspects. The subject was broad, filled with anecdotes and examples. My biggest challenge was trying to understand the difference between high-street fashion and that of a higher level.</p>
<p>In the end, it was simple. I could have the same success with either. Still, by taking that one step further, I was amplifying the message, making it stronger, reaching for girls of a higher calibre, those who hunted one-percenters. Honestly, I wasn’t really interested in them, but it was an excellent exercise to shoot as high as your personal finances would allow and then scale back from there. Reduction is easier than the climb. It gives faster results, and I was time-boxed to a year I promised to dedicate to my personal change.</p>
<p>For the rest of the day, Dan walked with me around town, through shops, parks, and public places, pointing out the women he liked and sending me to approach them. It was a simple exercise—go there and ask for directions to somewhere. The purpose was to observe my body language, correcting it each time until I got it synchronised.</p>
<p>He laughed at first, telling me I acted like a robot. “Bleep-bleep, excuse me, ma’am, I come from another planet. Direct me to a spaceport, please; I’ve got to reach Beetlejuice by dinner.” It got easier as the day progressed. At first, I concentrated on my new dance moves. “Straighten your back, don’t slouch when you sit, pull your shoulders back, maintain eye contact!” One would think it would be easy to remember, but combined with the stress of the approach, I got confused.</p>
<p>By the time evening fell, Dan was confident I could consistently deliver. The rest of the month was about repetition, self-assessment, and continuous improvement. I was familiar with the process, reminding me of the one we used in the office—Extreme Programming in pairs when writing spikes before we integrated it into our standard Scrum model. This gave me the idea of how to manage my personal progress on a Kanban board at home using post-its with tasks. Whoever said it was hard? All one needed was the right approach.</p>
<p>We moved to bars and clubs much later. I lost track of how many people I approached. The tasks changed a little, with Dan asking me to sit with the girls for a while so he could evaluate my conversational body language. Like with approaches, Dan had some comments, but fewer. It was about projecting energy and such, but he promised to cover it next time. I already had too much to focus on for now, and he didn’t want me to lose my drive.</p>
<p>By the time I got home, I was exhausted. I took a sick day the next day, calling the office. What’s the point in having sick leave and not using it when you feel under the weather? So, I stayed in, lazing around, replaying the lessons in my head. There was so much to process, so much to change. Noon came and went before I got out of bed.</p>
<p>Dan pushed me to my breaking point. By the time I sat down, I was panting, exhausted, ready to call it a day. Still, he kept me engaged and talked, sharing the vastness of his experience until my head could take no more. How did he have so much energy? It was a mystery, but I knew my own secret. I led a sedentary lifestyle, sitting in front of the computer for at least ten hours daily. I realised now that it was cramping my style. I needed to move into a better role where I worked less and had more free time.</p>
<p>It was well into the afternoon when I walked out to eat something and then forced myself to join a good gym. I scratched my head for a while, then smiled. Buying my Vertu was the best purchase ever.</p>
<p>“Hello, Jim, how can I help you?” I was impressed. They mapped my number to their personalised service, where they kept my profile for future use. I liked that.</p>
<p>“I’d like to find a high-class gym near my place.” The assistant thought a bit on the other side, then returned to me with a list of options. Two were within walking distance, and two better ones were a short ride away.</p>
<p>“I have another option for you. This one is the furthest of all, but it is an invitation-only private membership health club, costing twenty-five thousand pounds a year.”</p>
<p>“How would that help if it was invitation-only?”</p>
<p>“I could sort it out for you, sir.” I don’t know what came over me. I was still under the influence of yesterday. The assistant patiently waited on the other side for me to evaluate all the options available. The images of me buying a pink computer in the Apple store rolled in and out, and in a moment of weakness or great inspiration, I snapped.</p>
<p>“Yeah, go on, sort it out for me, please.”</p>
<p>“Should I use the financial details I have on record, Sir?” It took only a minute, and I got a text from my bank that I was twenty-five grand poorer. What have I done? My mind screamed while I politely thanked the lady on the other side. It was so far out of my character that I couldn’t begin to comprehend how I got there. In just a few days, I blew a hundred grand. It was my take-home salary for five months.</p>
<p>The company paid me well, about the same as our external consultants from IBM and Oracle, making big cash. The only reason I could do that was because I was the only one who could keep the system alive. It was easier to pay me the consultant’s rates than fork out the millions to rewrite the system, but I needed to stop and catch myself. I spent way too much money at once. I wasn’t that rich by any stretch.</p>
<p>I received an email with my membership details just as I finished my steak. I was surprised to learn I could bring up to two guests at a time, and the attached brochure in PDF contained pictures. I almost gasped, having never seen a gym like that. What drove it home was that the health club didn’t even have a website. I couldn’t even imagine that such things existed. As it turns out, I was living the high life.</p>
<p>On my way home, I popped into a sporting goods store where I roped in a salesman who helped me choose the suitable gym shorts and trainers, as well as the swimming trunks. I bought two of each and chucked them in my brand-new gym bag.</p>
<p>“I guess I’m committed now,” I mumbled as I walked out. It was way too much money to just ignore it like most people who pay gym subscriptions do, going a couple of times before giving up. This was one of the primary reasons why I signed up in the first place. It would force me to push myself and train my stamina and strength.</p>
<p>It was a quiet day, and I spent most of it reliving the moments, writing anything I could remember into my computer before the memories faded. As the evening arrived, I took my laptop and sat in a little cafe across the road from my place, sipped my coffee, and worked from there.</p>
<p>Everything was changing so fast. I knew myself less than ever. It would be safe to say my identity was in flux, transitioning from one unknown state to another. It happened so quickly; I couldn’t even get used to it before a new wave of changes hit me, and I was grasping again, trying to swim.</p>
<p>“Excuse me. Do you mind if we sit here?” I almost jumped. I was so engrossed in planning my future that I didn’t even see them approach me. They looked lovely and well-presented, in their mid-twenties—a raven-haired beauty and her equally gorgeous brunette friend. They wore high heels and casual evening dresses, complemented with jackets and Coco Chanel handbags on golden chains.</p>
<p>“Yes, sure. Please join me.” This kind of thing never happened to me; then it hit me. I was wearing the only clothes available from the batch I bought yesterday. Intentionally or not, I was broadcasting, and suddenly, I wasn’t that lonely computer geek but someone of interest the girls wanted to meet.</p>
<p>I avoided looking at them, focusing on my computer to finish my plans. Then my phone bleeped, and the girls’ eyes jumped, watching me pick it up and smile. The American girls were going insane, posting pictures of them sitting on motorbikes, laughing and giggling, living their best lives. I couldn’t help but chuckle, noticing the two ladies across the table giving me measured glances.</p>
<p>In the pictures my two American friends posted, I could see a biker bar with a bunch of middle-aged guys wearing heavy black leather, and I was jealous in a way. I always had a thing for motorcycles, not Harley Davidson, but something sleeker, having missed the whole Peter Fonda, Dennis Hopper, and Jack Nicholson great American adventure. Benelli, Bimota, Ducati, and Agusta were the names I recognised. As a kid, I always dreamed about a racetrack in secret, collecting stickers with various motorcycles. That may be the only thing I inherited from my dad. He had an old Moto Guzzi, and he would take me on a ride sometimes, resulting in an argument with my mother every time.</p>
<p>My biggest dream was that someday, when I grew up and had money, I’d buy an MV Agusta and ride it everywhere. I gave up on that dream because it was too complicated. There wasn’t sufficient service centre coverage in the UK. As they say, MV Agusta was the most balanced motorcycle in existence. It consumed an equal amount of petrol, oil, and spare parts per mile. When you take it to a racetrack, make sure you order a garbage van to do a lap and collect all the screws, nuts, and bolts that fell off the bike before gathering them into the garbage. It was an old Italian icon that was better left idolised.</p>
<p>I tapped on my phone with a smile, sending a message to the girls that begged me to visit them again. They were goading me to say, “No, you come here,” but I was too busy to entertain new guests. Besides, where would I put them except in a hotel? My one-bedroom place was cosy but left much to be desired. Even with my salary, I couldn’t afford something exclusive. Rental prices in London are prohibitively high. I often wondered who could afford that.</p>
<p>“Excuse me, but what’s this phone?” The raven-haired girl asked. Something told me she knew exactly what it was, but I politely answered. Her friend piled onto that, changing the topic to something else. I was amazed when I figured it out. They were trying to pick me up and doing the same thing I was doing to others.</p>
<p>Out of sheer sympathy, I decided to go easy on them, closed my laptop, and focused on my body language, just like Dan taught me, and the girls were buying it. I was learning from them. It was a unique opportunity to see how it works from the other side. I didn’t offer or lead the conversation; I didn’t try to amuse them. I was polite and interested, leaving them to their own devices to push the conversation further. It was an invaluable exercise, allowing me to imagine how women felt when I approached them.</p>
<p>After some time, the conversation died out, and as a Hail Mary, the girls offered to meet up sometime in a bar. I accepted, and we exchanged our Instagram pages. I didn’t want to give out my phone number, explaining that I had the number blocked and permanently redirected to a voicemail that just gave my Instagram. Rylee and Callie were right. The app did everything I wanted. I could collect my pictures, make calls, and send messages. Nobody had to know my personal details to keep in touch.</p>
<p>By the time I got home, I was done; I had a quick hot shower, and I was gone. The weekend took much from me—money, physical and mental energy. I needed to rest and get all my vitals back in order. It made me feel the weight of middle age, and I was determined to fix that.</p>
<p>It only took me a few days to return everything to the standard operating model. I was fine. I’d work, go out, and practice my approaches, focusing on my presentation and body language. I had a range of perfumes at home but decided to upgrade, choosing Jean Paul Gaultier for the masculine man. The word “masculine” attracted me to it, and I loved the smell.</p>
<p>The managers at the office instantly noticed the change, but the engineers didn’t. What I chose to wear, or how I carried myself, was all the same to them. Their power of observation for social cues was virtually non-existent, just like mine was, and I wondered. How many guys here were decent and well-educated? Who would relish an opportunity to meet someone they were told was out of their league? I was pretty sure they would be willing to pay whatever was necessary to solve that problem. If I knew the techies, they liked to understand the issue, come up with a plan with a tangible, measurable result, stick to it, be done with it, and continue applying it. I was willing to bet none of them knew such things could be learned. Neither did I, if it wasn’t for a chance meeting in a bar, thanks to a losing lottery ticket.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>About a week later, all my suits arrived, and they were perfect, magnificent. I loved how the fabric felt, and for the first time ever, I stood in front of the mirror and admired myself. I was the new James Bond of IT. If you try to HEX me, I’ll shoot you with binary, and don’t make me attack you the octal way. Your gun is ASCII, and mine is EBCDIC. You might be a server, but I am a mainframe. I fell on the bed laughing at my own idiotic jokes. You can teach an engineer how to behave, but you can’t convince him that Java is better than Rust. “Okay! That’s enough.” I wasn’t losing my mind; just playing a silly game. Who said that you are supposed to act your own age when you’re forty?</p>
<p>I was missing my regular dates with Amy. She flew to Eastern Europe on the weekend I met with Dan, but she always wrote to me and sent me updates. One time, she sent me pictures, and they almost gave me nightmares. We were tight enough to be able to joke about anything. She called me Daddy, and I called her Stitch, a toothy monster from another planet. She burst into tears when I first did that, almost suffocating from laughter. Amy had a great sense of humour, and I didn’t feel suffocated.</p>
<p>On the other side, back in the office, I was sitting in the privacy of my room, feeling bored. I had pretty much the freedom to do anything I liked. My remit was simple—to take control of the situation if something explodes. We had a few close calls, and I had to patch the live system thrice a year. This only meant three weeks of sleepless nights, plus being on call. I was one of the few people with remote access to our Citrix network through our firewall, from which I could launch a virtual instance inside the DMZ and do any work I needed through RDC. This meant I could use my personal computer with an external USB dongle for the RSA key exchange.</p>
<p>It was a good setup; I helped design it. I had a whole pile of printed papers with studies on how to upgrade our entire IT system, a complete tech refresh with what to do, how to do it, and estimates. It was about ten inches tall and would cost only about two hundred million pounds over five years, but there were no takers. They preferred keeping the dead man on life support until the disaster happened, then blaming middle management, firing them, waiting till the shares tanked, issuing a buyback order from the cash reserve and fixing it, then profiting a hundred times more when shares bounced back. It was a usual scam.</p>
<p>“Excuse me, sir. May I speak with you?”</p>
<p>“Sure, sure. What’s up, Jimmy boy? Everything okay with the system?”</p>
<p>“All is fine, no problem. I would like to talk to you about something else. I saw on the HR portal that a new CTO position is about to go live. I would like to apply for it. I have the correct knowledge, experience, and seniority.” My boss looked me up and down, checking out my new threads and how I sat, and then he smiled as if he’d figured things out. It was to be our secret, but he had won.</p>
<p>“Is that what all this is about?” he asked, pointing with his hand up and down.</p>
<p>“Yes, sir. At least one part of it. So what do you think?” He nodded at me and smiled again.</p>
<p>“You know, I don’t have the final say, but I think you would be good for it, and as you said, you have the seniority. Leave it with me, and I’ll push you forward. You’ve got my support.” He half-stood up from his chair, offering me his hand, and we shook on it. This was easier than I expected. What was I ever afraid of? I felt so silly in that moment.</p>
<p>“And, Jim,” he said as I opened the door, “Keep up the good work.” I thanked him, and I was off, looking forward to testing my chances. James Allen, the Chief Technical Officer. It would be everything I dreamed about—the C-suite, the highest rank anyone could achieve before going corporate. I would be rubbing shoulders with other top honchos, the CEO, CFO, COO, and others. My sons would be proud of me. They could tell the other kids how their dad is a big fish. Even more so, if I reached the C-suite, the judges would have to listen. I could sue for joint custody. Nobody puts a sociopath into such a level of responsibility without proper vetting. To allege that I was abusive and a danger to my children would be a ridiculous statement, and I could have the appeal grounds for bias. This time, the judge would have to listen.</p>
<p>Everything was happening according to the plan. I wouldn’t go home at the end of the day before approaching fifty strangers, just asking them for directions or something innocuous to quickly move on to the next. Less than two weeks into the exercise, I noticed it got easier, like muscle memory, when you exercise. My back was straight, my shoulders level; I walked with confidence, keeping my balance centred. Even my smile wasn’t as creepy as before but had a little quirk in the corner, as if I was enjoying a private joke in silence, amused by others. Often, I saw people stop an impulse to ask me, “What’s funny?” That was a good thing, adding to my mystery. Somewhere along the line, I learned how to talk less, adding to the intrigue and creating the uncomfortable silence that prompted others to want to know more.</p>
<p>I learned diligently and practised, scouring the internet on the topic to provide me with varied examples. That’s how I found the Alexander Technique for training my posture. I even watched the Devil Wears Prada movie and extracted the valuable subtext. Things were looking up, and my desperate sadness made way for hope. How much can having friends mean to a man? My Instagram inbox grew bigger every day. People actually enjoyed my company, which was something I couldn’t even dream about.</p>
<p>Following my boss’s encouragement, I put on my favourite suit and dressed up well. Then, I caught a cab and went to another bar, where I paid for the best VIP table. I had a champagne bottle inside an ice bucket and more than enough flutes. I sipped my Mai Tai and watched the people mingle. Everyone noticed me, and I smiled when they smiled.</p>
<p>Some people recognised me and came to shake my hand. All the usual princesses were discreetly looking my way. I pretended not to see them. I wasn’t good enough for them then; now the tables have turned. The swans came for free drinks, and the guys fawn over them. There was nothing to gain by playing that game. It was a complete waste of time. Instead, I focused on the other guests, watching them come in and out, find a place to sit, order a drink, and laugh.</p>
<p>I liked the energy and the movement of people, like so many dreams colliding inside a pot. It made me feel alive, like I was making up for the years I had missed. It wasn’t too late to live my life with every breath. On my master plan, after the year I gave to Dan would end, I would travel the world and explore all the places, like Kyoto in spring and walking under the falling cherry blossom petals, or trekking through history, visiting temples and monuments, swimming on a beach, walking on white coral sand.</p>
<p>My eyes wandered to a corner, and there she was, half-hidden behind a pillar, a gorgeous young blonde, talking to another woman. She must have moved because I couldn’t see her before. Dan taught me not to think, to defocus and do my thing, so I stood up, and in a dozen steps, I was there, introducing myself to the pretty lady and her slightly older brunette friend.</p>
<p>I was just telling them about the VIP table, inviting them over for a glass of champagne, when someone pushed me, and I almost lost my balance. My adrenaline surged, and I was afraid, but felt a blinding anger. I turned around to push the guy, but he was faster, and his fist connected. He punched my face, and I went down like a sack of potatoes, feeling an all-too-familiar humiliation and pain, like someone took all the progress I made and threw it away. I wanted to cry, feeling weak and helpless.</p>
<p>The guy was shouting something, but all I could hear was ringing in my ears. He waved his hands, yelling at the blonde, and she was so angry, showing him the finger. She pushed him once, twice, before his face turned purple, and he slapped her so hard that she just collapsed, losing consciousness.</p>
<p>At that moment, two large bouncers in black shirts and trousers grabbed the guy. He fought and spat, trying to kick one with his legs, but they weren’t having any of it. The smaller one punched him so hard that the guy almost passed out. He hit the man’s solar plexus, and he turned docile.</p>
<p>The police were there, right at the corner, and by the time the bouncers dragged the guy out, they were waiting for him with handcuffs. The screams and yells slowly replaced the sound of the siren in my head, and one of the waitresses was giving the blonde first aid. All of it was so chaotic. I barely noticed the ambulance. They lifted the girl onto the stretcher and told me to sit next to her, right in the back.</p>
<p>Her friend went ballistic, insisting she come with us, but they told her where to go, closed the door, and we were off. It only took us twenty minutes to get to the emergency room. The triage nurse rolled us in, placing us bed to bed. Then everything stopped, and the world was silent.</p>
<p>Another nurse appeared from nowhere. She attached the oxygen monitors and disappeared. I wanted to tell her I was alright, but it would be pointless. The nurse did what she was trained to do, so I waited.</p>
<p>“Oooh,” the girl said some ten minutes later. They were worried she hit her head against the concrete. Contusions could be slow-moving enemies. The blonde’s eyes focused on mine, and I smiled, shrugging my shoulders. She found that funny and laughed, immediately holding her head.</p>
<p>“Ouch, it hurts,” she said, and I helped her up, sitting right next to her on the metal hospital bed.</p>
<p>“What happened?”</p>
<p>“You were just about to join me for a drink of champagne when that gorilla attacked.” She smirked and blinked a few times, trying to clear her head.</p>
<p>“What was your name again?”</p>
<p>“I’m Jim,” I replied as she shook my hand. “I’m Emma,” she said and giggled again. We sat in silence next to each other, dangling our legs off the side of the bed, replaying what happened.</p>
<p>“Want some gum?” I asked, pulling out Orbit, sugarless. Emma took two pieces, and we chewed and talked. She must have seen the gum as a peace offering, and since I wasn’t blabbing about something, Emma thought I must be good at listening.</p>
<p>She talked for a while, telling me her history with the guy. Connor was her boyfriend for a year until she had enough of him. He was a jealous guy with an explosive character, quick to react and slow to apologise. She left him once when he slapped her the first time but forgave him in the end because the two families knew each other.</p>
<p>Emma broke up with Connor just a few days ago again when he slapped her again, and she had enough. She planned to go to the bar and get him out of her system. Her words turned a little incoherent after a while, jumping from one event to another, recalling bad times, and feeling guilty for not ending it sooner.</p>
<p>“I am sorry he hit you,” she said. The look in her eyes seemed genuine.</p>
<p>“I’m sure I’ll live.” We talked for a while more and laughed. Two strangers sharing gum in the emergency room, waiting to be seen by someone. Emma saw the humour in that and commented.</p>
<p>“Not bad for a first date.” This made me laugh. I liked her sense of humour.</p>
<p>“I bet you’ve had worse.” That’s when she exploded with laughter like a child hearing a joke. It wasn’t all that funny, but in that moment, the situation and the place just added to the humour.</p>
<p>“What are you going to do now?” She asked, wondering if I would take legal action against the man, sue him for trauma and emotional pain. I nodded, deep in my thoughts, before chuckling under my breath.</p>
<p>“I’m thinking of taking revenge.” Her eyes popped, looking like saucers.</p>
<p>“What are you going to do to him?” The sound of her voice carried a mixture of worry and excitement. She wanted to hurt the asshole.</p>
<p>“I don’t know. I think I’ll just fuck his girlfriend.” I watched her eyes go blank, trying to work it out. Then they got big, and her entire face turned into a grimace. She almost fell off the hospital bed from laughter, shaking, unable to stop the giggles. Two solitary tears ran out of the corners of her eyes. Emma was about to say something, probably a quip or something, when screams filled the air. Her friend ran across the floor and hugged her.</p>
<p>“Are you okay? Does it hurt? How do you feel?” She bombarded her with questions. I got up to make some space and lay on the bed on the other side. The brunette couldn’t shut up for a minute. Luckily, the doctor came, asked me questions, and looked into my eyes.</p>
<p>“You’re good to go,” she said before turning to Emma, so I got up to leave.</p>
<p>“Wait,” Emma said, “give me your phone.” I unlocked it and handed it over. She called her number and, after it rang, handed my phone back. “Give me a call next week to talk about that plan of yours,” she said and bit her lip. Something told me she would be fine.</p>

</body>
</html>
