<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 10 - Chamber of Secrets</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 10 - Chamber of Secrets</h2>
<p>A car took me home, and I downed an Ibuprofen. My head was killing me, not just from the punch I received. Some old fears from early childhood resurfaced. I was never a physical kid able to defend myself. Just the idea of being manhandled like this, unable to even put up my arms, ran contrary to all I believed about what it means to be a man. It was a shit deal, and I was scared, but it was too far and too late to change course and pull back. I needed some other type of solution to my problem, one that included learning how to defend myself.</p>
<p>I was already a gym member and had never been there, but I did check the brochure. They didn’t offer self-defence classes. Even if they did, by the time I got back into shape and learned how to fight, it could be a couple of years from now. I needed something interim that I could apply today while working on a more permanent solution of being a man who can fight for himself.</p>
<p>It seemed to me that this “becoming a man” business offered challenges I hadn’t considered before. Of course, it made sense. I used to hide in the shadows before, never contradicting anyone, never stepping on anyone’s toes. I was a mouse, happy to live his life in a small hole with the rest of the rodent family, always looking two ways before crossing the street.</p>
<p>What happened in the bar rattled me for a few days, but it didn’t affect my practice. It only increased my situational awareness. I was more cautious now, checking around when I saw any guys, trying to avoid a repeat performance. A good lesson is taught only once.</p>
<p>I was in my office a few days later when my spare phone rang, and I answered.</p>
<p>“Hello, I am calling about the advertisement.” A deep voice with a strong African accent came from the other side. His name was Lamin, and he was originally from Gambia. I asked him if he was free to meet me in the area. Two hours later, I sat outside a small Italian cafe, sipping my coffee and eating a prosciutto sandwich with homemade bread. It was a pizza place that made its own bread for sandwiches. The pizza was mediocre, but the sandwiches were excellent.</p>
<p>Lamin was a tall, muscular guy, no more than thirty, but he had that catlike swagger, a shaved head, a short beard enhancing his face, a big broad smile, and friendly eyes. I liked him instantly, and he shook my hand. I told him what happened to me, and he nodded.</p>
<p>Back home in Africa, Lamin worked odd jobs. He was always passionate about boxing and martial arts. One thing that impressed me was that he brought his printed CV, and I was impressed to learn that he fluently spoke several languages. Lamin’s work history was, at best, patchy, but it gave me an idea of what he did.</p>
<p>He tried to break into professional fighting, but the gigs weren’t paying enough. He worked as a taxi driver, bouncer, gym trainer, and even an enforcer for a while. He showed me some pictures of the medals he got when he was much younger. Lamin showed great promise, but the Gambia failed him.</p>
<p>This is where he got his big break and received a scholarship to study at a university. He worked hard and applied himself, and he just started his part-time master’s degree in finance with the London School of Economics. He already had an employment offer from one of the largest hedge funds in the city. Lamin had his entire future ahead of him, but he needed the money.</p>
<p>Lamin worked and saved, sending money back to his family. He needed a job that would afford him the flexibility to complete his studies while paying enough to improve his situation a little. I liked the man and his open honesty. He didn’t boast or try to impress me with anything. His humble demeanour, open eye contact, and smile told me more than words could convey.</p>
<p>“I need a bodyguard, but also a driver, an assistant, and maybe someone who can teach me how to fight.” It was a match made in heaven. He asked for less than I was prepared to pay, so I gave him more. Lamin was keen to start as soon as possible, and we agreed on the next day. I even advanced him a week’s pay, which he took as a sign of trust and respect. I had a good feeling about the man.</p>
<p>The following day, bright and early, before I left my home, there was a knock on my door, and I opened it just to be greeted by Lamin with a cup of fresh coffee.</p>
<p>“Good morning, boss,” he said with a smile. I invited him in while I finished my shower.</p>
<p>“Here, I need you to go to this address, pick up my car, and deliver it to the dealer.” About two months before the divorce, I signed a lease agreement for a top-of-the-line Mercedes S500. It spent most of its time just sitting in a garage with four thousand miles on the clock, perfectly maintained.</p>
<p>After the meeting with Lamin, I called the dealership, informing them I wanted to modify the lease agreement. They almost went ballistic. Their business suffered as the economy was less than rosy, and many of their customers went bankrupt. What’s worse is that the dealership mainly served businesses. Many went bust, and they lost all their cash. The dealership was teetering on the brink of survival with plenty of cars in their yards, none of them moving. They specialised in high-class executive vehicles, and that was a dead market, with everyone downsizing to more economical models.</p>
<p>The salesman passed me to the director, who explained the situation and offered discounts to stay with the brand. I saw an opportunity there and smiled.</p>
<p>“I was planning to move to something bigger, but if you can give me a good deal, I would consider taking something else.” It took us less than twenty minutes to trade in my car for the top-of-the-line Maybach with an extended body frame designed for use with a driver and plenty of space in the back.</p>
<p>The guy admitted to me that I was solving his biggest problem. The car was brand new on the lot, and the company that ordered it was no more. It was an awe-inspiring black limousine with triple-glazed windows, all of them tinted, and the roof made of glass with everything anyone could add to a car bolted on as an extra. It was a marvel of engineering, a work of art. It took Lamin the better part of the day to pick up the car from the garage, exchange it, and sort everything out.</p>
<p>Later that day, as my workday ended, I walked out of the elevator and through the great glass lobby outside. Just as I stepped on the pavement, my Maybach arrived. I got in, and Lamin drove away. I watched my colleagues stare at me in disbelief while I took deep breaths. The car had that “new car” smell. It was much better than I imagined, and the incredible build quality.</p>
<p>I always thought my Mercedes was the pinnacle of luxury, but this Maybach completely blew it away. The seats felt soft but firm, almost decadent; the upholstery, subtle lights, the entertainment system. Everything was designed to the next level, and the best part is my monthly payment barely changed. I still had 2 years on my old contract, but because my car was in mint condition and barely used, they knocked it down, worked everything out, did their magic, and pushed the dead weight out of their lot. It was a good deal for me, a good deal for them. The director even included a bottle of Dom with gold-plated glasses. I could comfortably say, without any exaggeration, I’ve never sat in a more luxurious vehicle before.</p>
<p>My thinking was simple. I was happy with my S500, and there was enough space at the back. It was an executive car that you would drive yourself. The Maybach, in contrast, was designed for a driver with enormous space at the back. It was almost two feet longer than the S500, which made a huge difference, not to mention the finishing and the quality of the equipment.</p>
<p>After the divorce, when I moved into an apartment, having a car in London made no sense. I would go mad trying to find parking and still have to walk further than the tube, not to mention all the parking fines and scratches made by people who hated gas guzzlers.</p>
<p>I could see Lamin was in a state. He would do this job for free if he could. It was a brilliant car, and he had a blast driving it. Part of his job was to take care of it, wash it, clean it, and polish it, not with his own hands, but to make sure it was done for the car to always look like it came out of the factory. He found a garage for rent next to where he lived so he could jump into it straight rather than traversing London on the tube just to pick it up somewhere else.</p>
<p>We stopped by Marks and Sparks and parked for an hour, where I took Lamin and bought him a high-quality, dark suit, a set of shirts, and two pairs of polished boots. When we walked out, Lamin looked like an executive driver, a private security guard, or even a butler, adding to the entire ambience.</p>
<p>In the end, he parked by a park and waited while I walked around, approaching people, asking them for directions, and working on my presentation. It occurred to me that I could ask him to record me from a distance, but I didn’t need to see a video of myself to recognise my mistakes. Dan even warned me about that, advising me not to overcorrect or overanalyse. If something didn’t work, he would correct me the next time. It was the Pareto principle—sort out eighty per cent of your problems with twenty per cent of the effort invested.</p>
<p>It took us the rest of the week to work out the kinks, and by Friday night, everything worked just fine. Lamin loved his job, which gave him an executive office he could use to learn and study as much as he wanted. The car had a built-in phone connection, so you could tether the internet and then broadcast it on another channel via WiFi using a USB dongle. I did that. In all my geekiness, I liked the idea of having my own in-car internet. I even installed a Raspberry Pi inside the glove compartment. I could run all sorts of software inside the car, like a media server.</p>
<p>Lamin dropped me in front of my favourite bar, and everyone stared, wondering, “Who’s the guy?” I learned a lot from the subtext and the lesson Rita and Dan taught me. It’s like an Avatar in games, a projected identity. I could have arrived by taxi, but this was better. Never before had I considered anything from a statement-making perspective. It almost felt like I was playing the role of a celebrity.</p>
<p>Of course, I could have toned it down and set my target lower with much less hassle. Still, I could afford this, and as I concluded before, it’s faster to go full blast at once and then slowly reduce the volume over time. Otherwise, I would still replace my old clothes a year from now. There’s nothing wrong with that approach, but I had a plan that required an inevitable sacrifice, and it had little to do with how much I spent. Speed was a critical component for me.</p>
<p>I didn’t feel like getting the VIP table that night, so I settled by the bar in my usual place. I felt like just having a quiet drink and watching how people reacted to me. It was interesting to notice that people looked at me and conspired when I came in a limo and wore my expensive clothes. I was willing to bet that word of my car spread through the ears of the patrons like wildfire.</p>
<p>Some even gave me eye contact instead of turning up their noses. It was fun, in a sort of dipstick way, to measure my progress in other people’s eyes. I was sure they remembered me from when it all started. Some regular guys even pointed their fingers at me. I’d be lying if I said it felt terrible to me. This bar, this place, held so many memories, and I had grown accustomed to the people who frequented it on Fridays.</p>
<p>Most people took a similar approach—they found a spot they liked and claimed it for life. I could almost close my eyes and know who was where, how many, and what they were planning. This bar was déjà vu in the making. I looked left and right, up and down, and suddenly… “Lexi.”</p>
<p>I lifted my hand and shouted. Our eyes met, and she gave me a beautiful smile. Like in slow motion, she floated towards me. We hugged, and she kissed my cheek.</p>
<p>“I was looking for you.”</p>
<p>“You found me,” she giggled, forever the tease.</p>
<p>“Please, have a seat with me. Would you like a drink?”</p>
<p>“I’d love to, but I have previous plans.” I was disappointed, hoping she would have stayed. I had already pulled out my phone to get her number when her eyes smiled. She looked me up and down and nodded approvingly.</p>
<p>“Would you like to come with me?” The answer was obvious. I didn’t even need to know where. Lexi gave me something special, something that changed my life. From the moment she left until now, I hoped we would reconnect. In many ways, she made me see something good about myself, and I latched onto it, and it snowballed. Without her, I doubt any of this would have happened.</p>
<p>I could see Lexi’s little mischievous smile as I picked up the phone and texted. By the time I paid, the car was outside, with Lamin holding the door open.</p>
<p>“Where are we going?” She gave Lamin the address, and the car took off slowly, navigating the streets. It felt so quiet inside. Lexi’s hand snuck into mine, and my heart almost leapt out of my chest. I was that fumbling idiot again, and she was my saviour, my princess.</p>
<p>“Wait, please. Before we get there, can I have your number to reach you if we get separated?” She dictated it to me, and I called her to make sure it instantly synced with the cloud so I wouldn’t ever lose it.</p>
<p>The place was pretty close. We were still in central London, and the car stopped in front of what looked like a semi-residential estate, like a place where embassies got their offices. There was nothing there, and the lights were out; nobody was on the square, nobody walking around. Lexi took my hand and led me towards the black door. She knocked twice, and an elderly guy wearing a black suit opened.</p>
<p>“Ah, welcome, I haven’t seen you in a while.” She smiled at the guy, nodding towards me, and the man asked, “Plus one?” What was this place, I wondered. I’d seen too many crime movies to trust anything my brain concocted.</p>
<p>The doors closed behind us, and thick burgundy curtains opened. We stopped at another layer while the old man closed them behind us. As we passed the second velvety barrier, I could see a Victorian corridor with red carpets and paintings on the wall, lit by yellowing light bulbs. Somewhere in front of us, from a distance, I could hear music, and as we got closer, the corridor opened into a vast open space with expensive white leather furniture and a fancy bar in the middle.</p>
<p>“What is this place?” I asked, but Lexi didn’t have time to answer. A well-dressed man in his late fifties, immaculately dressed, approached her and took her hands into his with an ear-to-ear smile. He looked her up and down several times, and his smile widened.</p>
<p>“Ah, ma fille chérie, you are more beautiful every time I see you.” The tall man kissed her cheeks, took her hand and led her to the bar, telling her something with a thick French accent. They left me standing like that, in the middle of the room, as if I was nobody.</p>
<p>For the first time since I met Dan, I felt entirely out of my depth. I had spent a few weeks studying fashion and style since my transformation to recognise what’s what and not make a mistake. The French guy threw me just a glance and immediately lost interest. I wore my best bespoke suit and shoes, but I was dressed like a beggar compared to the man. The Frenchman sported at least a hundred grand worth of clothes without effort. That’s not to mention his diamond-studded watch, the Jacob &amp; Co limited edition. Starting price? Just over a million.</p>
<p>Suddenly, I felt thirsty, so I went to the bar and asked for a Mai Tai. The bartender smiled, and a few minutes later, I took a sip; it tasted excellent. As I reached for my wallet, the bartender smiled.</p>
<p>“First time?” He asked, and I just nodded. He laughed. “Don’t let them intimidate you. It’s a friendly bunch. They’re just hazing the new guy to see how you fit in with the crowd. And the drinks are free here.” I drank it all at once, trying to calm my nerves. What kind of people were these? Who the hell spends a million on watches?</p>
<p>I realised the irony. A few months ago, I wouldn’t even think of buying a suit that costs as much as a car, and when I looked at other people on the street now, I justified my actions through a labyrinth of protocols. Meeting the Frenchman was like a cold shower. “There’s a bigger pope than the pope,” some say, and it never made sense to me until today.</p>
<p>“Another?” the bartender asked, and I nodded, holding tight to the bar rail. It took me a while to catch my breath. All of this seemed a bit surreal to me. Clearly, I was inside one of those secret private London clubs everyone knows about, but nobody visits. It just taught me the value of beautiful women.</p>
<p>After another sip, I looked around. There were plenty of people, some better dressed than me, but most were in the same ballpark. At least I wasn’t the only one, the Oliver Twist of the place. That’s when my attention shifted to the women, and my heart stopped for a moment. They were stunning, on a completely different level. All the swans in the bars I had seen couldn’t hold a candle to them. On their best day, they wouldn’t even be allowed inside, not even as cleaners.</p>
<p>I could feel my old insecurities creeping in again. I wasn’t supposed to be here. This wasn’t my place. I didn’t deserve such luxury, such women, or such friends. All of it was just one colossal mistake. In the moment of greatest need, I remembered what Dan had said. The vivid image of a roller coaster popped into my head. “Change your focus,” and I tried. Breathe in, breathe out, and slowly things calmed down.</p>
<p>I spotted a free sofa in one of the corners, so I took my drink and went there to sit down. Immediately, another waiter brought me a metal ice bucket and a pitcher of freshly squeezed pink lemonade. It took some time, but in the end, I relaxed. I didn’t know anyone there and couldn’t find the strength to approach someone. I was utterly intimidated.</p>
<p>All I could do was watch the girls and think I was in heaven. Not even the models on the fashion channel could get close to that. Where does one find such women? They looked incredible—tall, curvy, symmetrical, just perfect in every possible way. How does one even talk to them? They were so unique.</p>
<p>You hear people talk about nines and tens, but until today, I have never seen them. I always expected that there could be only a few such women on the planet. Certainly, nobody would expect to see them in a nondescript London townhouse. Fashion and taste change over time, but just imagine meeting Helen of Troy inside a bar, and she’s brought her family, all twenty sisters. I always thought that when reading ancient Greek legends, the author, Homer, applied a literary device, but now I knew the errors I had made. In some other life, I would go to war for the women here.</p>
<p>“I’ve never seen you before,” a pearly female voice broke through my fantasies, and I looked up, feeling my heart jump into my throat, so I swallowed. If I were ever diagnosed with a transient idiopathic arrhythmia, I would know the cause.</p>
<p>She was easily the most beautiful woman I had seen in my entire life, and that is by a wide margin. All my female friends were stunning and gorgeous, but she was on the next level, about five-ten, slim and imposing, with every piece of her body perfect. I remember when I first saw my wife; I thought she was an angel, but the very moment my eyes fell on this beautiful intruder, the gap was so vast that I couldn’t even see the other side.</p>
<p>So many things have happened over the past few weeks that shook my core beliefs, and I felt stretched thin, like a layer of marmalade across a slice of bread. I always thought that judging people by their appearance, especially women, seemed reductive in the most objectifying way. Judging someone by their appearance hardly gives a picture of their entire character. Perhaps a less attractive woman is a wonderful person who will be the light of your life, and you would be happy you’ve met her and cherish her as the gift of the heavens if you gave her a chance.</p>
<p>I came to realise such thinking is nonsense without any practical utility. You’ll never meet such a person if her exterior pushes you away. That was, in fact, why Amy never had a boyfriend before; she was one of the most beautiful people inside, with a pure heart and soul that made me care for her, but nobody saw that.</p>
<p>If we lived in an idealistic world, there would be no poverty, war, or sickness, no greed, no racism, and no crime, and we would see people the way they are in their hearts. There are words describing that world; the most common one is “utopia.” An exact dictionary definition is “an imagined place or state of things in which everything is perfect.” The keyword is “imaginary.”</p>
<p>In the real world, we had to contest reality. You experience it in schools when you’re bullied or on the street when a road rager stops his car in front of you, gets out, and threatens to kill you. Just turn on the TV and choose any channel—war, protests, and strife. When you’re sick enough that you can’t watch that anymore, you switch to entertainment, the Oscars, where the rich and famous wear expensive dresses, flaunting them in front of the commoners like some Olympian divinities. Here comes Zeus with Aphrodite; isn’t he handsome? Isn’t she sexy? Just look at what they’re wearing.</p>
<p>It’s the worst kind of cynicism to say, “Don’t objectify women.” At the same time, the entirety of Western civilisation is based on objectifying each other. Wherever we look, there’s an example, on TV or in your local pub. It’s the prime example of cognitive dissonance where, on the one hand, we espouse moral values, and on the other, we put our makeup on and colour our hair. “Don’t do as I do; just do what I say.” The moral decay has reached such an advanced level that we even feel virtuous, berating others for the same things we do every day, the same character flaws we’re trying to hide.</p>
<p>There’s no virtue in the consumer society we built. We ridiculed religion as non-existent, promoting autonomy and economy and championing free choice. Together, we politicised just about every cultural issue, refusing to celebrate Christmas so as not to offend some people and renaming mothers as “chest feeders.” What moral authority did anyone really have to judge others? “Let he who is without sin cast the first stone.”—John 8:7.</p>
<p>The world right now looks closer to George Orwell’s novel, with the tyranny of the militarised woke espousing newspeak, supported by a government that increasingly resembles the central Comintern. I was just waiting for someone to start blasting the International Anthem written in 1871 by Eugène Pottier in his native French. “Debout, les damnés de la terre. Debout, les forçats de la faim. La raison tonne en son cratère. C’est l’éruption de la fin.”</p>
<p>In the end, it was me, a man, a white heterosexual male, like so many others, raised to respect the history and culture of those who came before us. The people who built all those roads and statues stood on their shoulders, the people who formed the English language. Nobody ever spoke about us or them, what was quickly becoming the most endangered species on the planet: Men! We were being systematically erased.</p>
<p>When someone sets up an OnlyFans site to perform sex acts in front of a camera for thousands of men and calls it a business, or when the term “sugar baby” replaces the word girlfriend, you know society has reached the edge and plummeted right into the water. All that’s left for someone is to look at it from above, recognise it for what it is, and press flush. Then, watch the steaming turd we jointly call our moral consciousness go in circles and finally end up swallowed by a stinky black hole. The only question left is—does it spin the other way down under.</p>
<p>It was like in the famous 1983 film War Games. The only way to win in this game was to decide not to play. Unlike in the movie, it wouldn’t be thermonuclear warfare that ended us, but the well-meaning hypocrites that screamed loudly, unwittingly used by those in power—the cannon fodder of the mentally deranged, waving their flags and running through the streets, shouting, “we’re coming for your kids.”</p>
<p>I didn’t know why I was having these sudden bouts of anger. I tried to hide it, but I was worried about my children. I had two boys—two sons living with my ex-wife, who had a narcissistic personality disorder. After the divorce, I sought mental help, and my psychiatrist told me Tina exhibited classic traits consistent with such a personality.</p>
<p>It would be impossible to prove anything through the legal system, no matter how much I was ready to pay. The words “Law” and “Justice” had long since stopped being interchangeable. When it came to family court, the expression “justice system” should be replaced with a more accurate one, “justice scheme,” if you are a man. The onus unfavourably falls on the guy. “Prove to us she cheated. Prove to us you didn’t do that.” Innocent until proven guilty apparently didn’t apply inside a family court, which was established to give all your money to women and use your children as a hostage so she can keep squeezing your balls after you’re divorced.</p>
<p>In the blink of an eye, all of this exploded inside my mind, laying out a mini nuclear wasteland of thoughts. Boom! Suddenly, all of it pushed me to my limits, and my mind warped. I was torn between what I believed the world was and what I saw with my eyes. I was spoon-fed the bullshit, sprinkled with fake beliefs, tasting of propaganda since the day I was born. It became my religion before it became my identity. I was put into a box and told I belonged there, and I believed it. Birth, school, work, marriage, children, retirement, and death—a man’s life summarised in one line.</p>
<p>I believed that nonsense and identified with it. I trusted my closest ones as everyone parroted the same. Lexi showed me something, and it warped my mind. It sent me on an independent search for the truth, my truth, not the one commonly available, wrapped and packed with a government seal on it, saying, “Using it will give you cancer.”</p>
<p>It was the perfect metaphor to explain reality. “We care for you but will happily kill you if it makes us a profit.” We lived in a materialistic system that scoffed at those promoting natural values. Just ask yourself, why are you drinking bottled water? The answer is obvious—the industry poisoned the rivers. There is no profit in maintaining a clean water distribution system.</p>
<p>Every few years, we gather in front of our TV sets to listen to the most privileged espousing their virtues and making promises. Think hard—when was the last time any of the politicians actually did all they promised after getting into office? It was a business like any other, climbing the ladders so you could trade favours for bribes. All you needed to do was present it nicely and call it the speaker’s fee after you left the office and were invited to present something for fifteen minutes, and don’t forget the ten per cent for “the big man.”</p>
<p>We all know this, but we shrug it off. That’s why there’s so much apathy among voters. We willingly lie to ourselves to support our own fake belief system, daily reinforced by constant programming we receive from media and friends who, like parrots, repeat something they don’t understand just to make themselves appear clever and more relevant. It was a three-dimensional web of lies, rotten to the core. I couldn’t take it anymore, and my mind warped.</p>
<p>At that one moment, my mind fractured, and I stopped believing in my own lies. Everything I believed was put to the test in this bar. All that I knew wobbled and cracked. Nothing was real unless I saw it with my own eyes. Even then, I had to be careful how I interpreted it. My mind was shaped by lies and fake experiences. There was a world beneath the world, and I had just stepped into it.</p>
<p>Slowly, as if from a distance and through a haze, the words of the girl came to the forefront, and my eyes focused. She was telling me something, but I wasn’t listening. It was hard to reconnect with reality. I needed a moment, so I excused myself, pouring a glass of fruit punch for me and my new lady friend. She thanked me with a smile, and our glasses clinked.</p>
<p>“I’m sorry, what was that?” I hadn’t heard her the first time.</p>
<p>“What is your name?” That was simple. Her name was Cassandra, but she asked me to call her Cassie. We shook hands, and I admired her skin and long fingers. She was so perfect that it wasn’t fair. She was incredibly tall, five-ten at least, with beautiful blue eyes getting darker towards the edge of her iris. They looked like two perfect volcanic pools of water reflecting the sky. Her face was oval with incredibly symmetric features. Cassie’s hair was dark, almost black, falling down her back and covering her butt. It was gorgeous and shiny, thick and healthy. Her nose was perfectly shaped. No surgeon could come close to creating something like that. All of it fit together perfectly as if crafted by a master artist—her eyebrows, her sensual, succulent lips. I could imagine myself kissing her until I starved.</p>
<p>Cassie’s entire presence was beyond comparison. Her body was slim but curvy with an incredible waist proportion. It was as if she was born in a corset and grew in it to attain this elongated hourglass shape, and her breasts completed the picture. They were large, like melon halves, yet firm, riding high on her chest, defying gravity as if she had her own laws of physics. But her smell—her smell was perfect, not the hint of perfume she used, but the scent of female skin permeated with pheromones, like just before mating. Cassie was an explosion of senses, made to seduce and virtually irresistible. She could have me or any man at her feet simply by snapping her fingers. It made her the most dangerous woman alive, leagues above my level, and she was talking to me while I wondered why.</p>
<p>She spoke of something inconsequential, maintaining the conversational flow. I was still battling my senses. My world had split apart in one moment, and I was trying to pick up the pieces of my sanity while conversing with this perfect woman.</p>
<p>Slowly, over the course of a couple of cocktails, I calmed a bit and compartmentalised. My new revelation would take days to process. I never knew who I was, but now I had completely lost myself. I didn’t even know where to begin, feeling further from my goal than ever. This is where Dan’s teachings kicked in, and I fell back on learned behaviour.</p>
<p>Inside my mind and heart, a big storm blasted. I felt lost on a ship at sea, battered by the winds and waves. The world screamed and whistled, like the sounds of sirens leading me towards the rocky shore of an island in the middle, with a huge tree that connected the earth and the heavens. But outside, I was calm and even smiled.</p>
<p>I was thankful to Dan for all his effort and knowledge. It was the best investment I made in my life, but I didn’t understand how much it meant to me until now. Instead of crying and running home, I sat comfortably, telling jokes, focusing on what I believed to be god’s most perfect creation, almost feeling the testosterone surging through my veins.</p>
<p>Who needs the anabolic steroids if you have a woman like this? I felt like I could go to the gym now, pick up a six hundred pounds barbell and swing it around like it was made of cotton candy. My mind was a mess, but my body reacted to Cassie like it was made out of fire, and she was high-octane gasoline. The mindless troglodyte in me took control of my brain. Medulla oblongata, I’m gonna drag you by the hair into my cave and fuck ya. With the rest of my brain focused on the meaning of life, the amygdala was running the show, sniffing the woman next to me and making me lick my lips. My nostrils flared, and my pupils dilated. If I were a caveman with a big wooden bat in my hand, we would get married.</p>
<p>Silly me, I said that last part aloud. Cassie laughed so hard that the cocktail burst out of her nose, but then it went the wrong way. She almost choked, trying to cough and laugh at the same time. At least she had a great sense of humour.</p>
<p>“You are funny,” she said after her laughter subsided.</p>
<p>“You say this now, but imagine the laughter after you see me naked.” That did it; she laughed again and hugged me before kissing my cheek.</p>
<p>“I like you,” she said.</p>
<p>“May I buy you a drink?” Humour helped me bring my mind back in, and we talked for real this time. Everything in my being pushed me to tell her anything to make myself more interesting, but it was the last vestige of my individuality; the last thing I could say was mine, the life itself. I wasn’t some super-powerful guy with a lot of cash. I even worried about how long all this would last, and I told her that.</p>
<p>My life story was still being written. It started low, and I hoped to improve it, but I wouldn’t lie, embellish, or pretend. This was the only identity that I had. I knew Dan wanted me to project the best of myself, but I was a work in progress, and a girl like Cassie had heard better stories from much more accomplished liars than me. If she hated me, it wasn’t meant to be, and I’d work hard for the rest of my life to try to become a man worthy of such beauty, but I wouldn’t lie.</p>
<p>I wanted to be that man. She gave me another goal to work towards. I wanted her so badly that I would do anything to change myself so she would see me as valuable enough in her eyes to exchange her gift of beauty for the gift of my love.</p>
<p>People say that beauty is fleeting; they say a lot of things. After my mini-episode, I couldn’t trust anything people said or anyone anymore. I knew why they did it. It’s a lonely place, having to think for yourself and confronting the hordes of programmed zombies chanting the things they heard from their favourite propaganda outlet. “Together we’re stronger,” another saying they have. “Don’t think, just obey, work hard, pay taxes, then buy things you don’t need so you could worry about them being stolen.” That is why they can’t even think about having a woman like that. They don’t feel worthy or capable, determined or strong enough to even attempt such an enterprise.</p>
<p>Lexi was the first woman to set the bar; now, Cassie topped it and set it again. This is what I wanted, her or someone else of the same beauty level. People would call me shallow and try to put me down, laugh at me, and call me an idiot for even trying. I needed to eliminate that influence, the people who dragged me down, whoever they were. Depressive sociopaths were hellbent on seeing each other fail. We see rich men in the limelight, then make asinine comments on Twitter, pretending we have moral authority above them because we are jealous and powerless. It never occurs to us to try winning instead of taking the easy road and whining. I was the prime example of this, but I was in therapy.</p>
<p>As a human community, we suffer from a chronic case of schadenfreude, wishing the successful ones to fail rather than using them as a positive example of seeking success for ourselves. It’s understandable. It takes effort to succeed, while it only takes wishful thinking for someone to fail—proof we evolved from crabs. If we try to climb, we face the obstacle of confronting our beliefs and admitting we were wrong at times, with no Id but a huge Ego of a loser, always pointing the finger at everyone. It’s never our fault but the government’s. They didn’t give us enough free stuff we believed we deserved just for existing on this planet.</p>
<p>When a rich man fails, we feel almost elated, not just due to schadenfreude but as an affirmation that we were right in the first place. Don’t raise your head; don’t lift your hand. You’re just a lowly man deserving only of neurotic children and a fat, abusive wife screaming about body positivity, and you are an insensitive person with an erectile dysfunction problem because you can’t get aroused by the sweaty figure rolling in your bed, smelling like a fisherman after a week at sea.</p>
<p>I was clearly experiencing a psychotic episode, trying to control my emotions after my mind had fractured. Lately, I’ve been experiencing sudden, inexplicable bouts of anger, culminating in rage. All of life’s little compromises I made—agreeing to placate my mother or wife but fundamentally disagreeing—were surfacing now.</p>
<p>My anger wasn’t directed at someone but dispersed like a white cloud shrouding the world I live in. I wanted to stand up and punch someone but didn’t hate anyone. Perhaps I wanted to slap myself for being such a weakling, never standing up for the things I believed in.</p>
<p>My episodes of defiance went into overdrive after the guy punched me in a bar that day. I wasn’t angry at him; everything ended in laughter, but I was furious with myself for allowing him to beat me without even lifting my hands. Since I could remember, I was taught to control myself, never to act rashly, to pull back and keep safe, to de-escalate, and to surrender. The problem is, I got too good at that. I was always in complete control of all my faculties, never acting rashly, never reacting out of emotional impulse, but swallowing my pride for the bigger picture. All that shame festered into anger and was now coming out. I was lashing out at how I treated myself, feeling like I had the least value of anyone.</p>
<p>As I sat on the sofa with the most beautiful woman in my life, watching her lips, looking into her eyes, and smelling her gentle scent, I felt like a caveman. There was no anger, just some sort of edginess I couldn’t recognise. While my eyes soaked in her beauty, my mind created the most explicit images. I never fantasised about women this way before, wanting her so much that my mind couldn’t suppress itself. It wasn’t sexual but deeply personal. She represented everything I believed I didn’t deserve, and I swore in my mind to work on myself and become the man she would appreciate in the same way.</p>
<p>Cassie was telling a joke while I disconnected for a moment. In and out. My mind was flip-flopping between emotional states, like a crazed individual playing with the light, laughing like mad from the corner. I burst into laughter, and Cassie looked at me. She hadn’t gotten to the punch line of her story.</p>
<p>“Why are you laughing?”</p>
<p>“Because I am insane.” That started her giggles again, and she kissed my cheek, following my eyes as she did it and smiling mischievously.</p>
<p>“I can see your boobies.” Cassie faked surprise and indignation with a smile before shaking her head a little and showing me her tongue.</p>
<p>“So what do you think?” She asked and bit her lip, making an innocent face.</p>
<p>“Not sure. I need to inspect them further.” Another round of giggles burst out, and she came closer, took my hand and discretely pushed it into her dress. My hand automatically closed and squeezed her breast, touching her erect nipple in the process. It took just a second, and she moved away, snickering and grinning like she was a cat with a canary feather stuck in its teeth.</p>
<p>“I see you enjoyed that,” she said, pointing at the tent in my trousers. My face turned blistering red in an instant, and she laughed again, coming close and kissing my cheek again. “I love how your skin tastes,” she said, licked my cheek, then kissed it again before pulling back. “Mmmm, chicken.”</p>
<p>It was my turn to laugh. This girl was a maniac, but she was so much fun, so comfortable with her sexuality, so confident, so easygoing. She kept me on a short leash, pulling me in and pushing me away. She was training me, breaking me to her hand, but for what purpose? To what end? Cassie was just having fun and never even tried to cross the line. She’d bring me to the edge, then let me loose. She never expressed any deeper emotion except when I told her about my life.</p>
<p>At one point, when I was going through the story of my divorce and losing my children, her eyes glistened, then her whole face froze, and her expression steeled. Cassie had an enormous ability to control her emotions and bury them deep beneath the surface. I never met anyone with so much self-control and power. She was clearly her own woman, and I couldn’t do anything to influence that.</p>
<p>Cassie would either like me on her own or not, and there was nothing I could do to convince her otherwise. Any attempt to manipulate her would just bounce off like she was made of titanium with a Star Trek shield on top. I had a distinct impression that she was only talking with me because, for some reason, she liked me in the first place, and I didn’t manage to fuck it up yet.</p>
<p>It seemed honesty was a winning policy with Cassie, and I liked that about her. She was one exceptionally complicated woman, deeply aware of who she was and her effect on men. I couldn’t imagine anyone she couldn’t wrap around her little finger, meaning she was choosy as hell, twenty-two years old and single.</p>
<p>“Look who is there,” I looked up and almost jumped. It was Jack. It made sense I would meet him in a place like this, but he wasn’t well dressed. If anything, he wore cheap casual clothes, a shirt, jeans and sneakers, the high street kind, no watch, no necklace. There couldn’t have been more than fifty pounds of clothes on him, including the underwear.</p>
<p>“Let me introduce you to,” I started, trying to be polite but also a little proud I was sitting next to the hottest girl in this place.</p>
<p>“Hello, slut,” Jack said, and my eyes almost popped out.</p>
<p>“Hello, faggot,” Cassie threw back at him. My heart stopped, expecting the fist fight, when both laughed like kids, high-fived and hugged. It turned out they were old friends, like in a New York fairy tale by the Pogues.</p>
<p>“Figures,” I mumbled before taking another sip of a cocktail. Jack waved to the waiter, and he brought another round, so we sat and had a bit of a chit-chat.</p>
<p>“Sorry boys, I’ve gotta go and do rounds, but I’ll be back,” Cassie said. She saw the look in my eyes as she stood up, so she bent down, giving me a good look at her magnificent braless mammaries through the top of her dress before kissing my cheek again and biting my earlobe, whispering, “I’ll be back. I promise.” She gave my cheek another lick, then jumped away, giggling like a kid. From there, she discretely pointed at my crotch and winked before turning her back to me and strutting away, waving her tail like a cat.</p>
<p>“Fuck me. I am done.” I said, and Jack laughed.</p>
<p>“She is trouble,” he offered with a smile, shaking his head. There was so much I wanted to ask him about, but first things first.</p>
<p>“Jack, I wanted to thank you for saving my life.” I had been looking for him for days, but he had disappeared. Now I knew where he had been all this time. The bar I frequented was a hamburger, and this was a banquet. Jack took my phone, typed in his number, and said, “Don’t bother calling me. I won’t answer.” He was the strangest person I had met, a contradiction in terms. Even in this place, he was the only one dressed like a tramp, but everyone showed him respect. That gap, the dissonance, the incongruence, that leisurely uncommitted manner mixed with genuine emotions he freely expressed made me want to learn more about him, so I asked questions, and he answered.</p>
<p>Time flies when you’re having fun, and spending time with Jack was a blast. It turns out he loved music and played the guitar. Halfway through our heated debate about Pink Floyd and which album is better, Cassie came back, leading Lexi by her hand, and both girls were smiling.</p>
<p>“Why didn’t you tell me you are Lexi’s friend?” She said, tapping her foot like an irate mistress. “I want to know now. Which one of us is prettier?” Oh god, how I wished for an earthquake. Cassie knew what she was doing and played me like a trumpet. Suddenly, she jumped into my lap sideways, hugged me, and kissed my cheek. “I know you want to be discreet, but you can whisper it to me.”</p>
<p>I remained frozen, flabbergasted. Nobody had ever treated me like that. She jumped up and stood beside Lexi with an irate face, then smiled again, changing her expression to the epitome of kindness.</p>
<p>“I know. You are a gentleman and don’t want to talk about that.” Quickly she bent again and licked my ear, whispering, “I guess you will have to fuck me so you can compare.” She licked my cheek again, then pulled her top a little down, still bent and shook her breasts before running away with Lexi in tow. I just stood there frozen, with my cock erect like a pervert.</p>
<p>“She likes you,” Jack said and chuckled.</p>
<p>“I like her too, but I don’t think I am good enough for her,” I said, opening up to my new friend.</p>
<p>“You should speak to Dan about that.” Another cryptic statement, adding to the intrigue. I already had more than I could take.</p>
<p>“Tell me about Dan,” I said. It felt as if I was asking a forbidden question as if I might learn something that I didn’t like, which would make me falter. Jack’s eyes glazed over a little, trying to remember and choose what to say.</p>
<p>“It all began a long time ago,” he started, like a fairy tale. Years ago, there used to be a forum on the internet, part of an emerging subculture of men who were trading experiences in picking up women. It was the natural side effect of the sexual revolution and the rising influence of feminism. This was compounded by the IT revolution. The hard jobs were outsourced to the East while the new generations were pushed onto the internet. The old strategies for attracting women didn’t work so well anymore; a bad boy with attitude replaced being a gentleman, aptly depicted by a cult musical Grease. The girls wanted Fonzie, not Henry Winkler. They wanted rock and roll, not a serenade. The birth control pill skyrocketed the divorce rates.</p>
<p>The forum became very popular and attracted thousands of members across the globe. Out of those, soon enough, a few bubbled to the top as the guys with the best advice for attracting women. Dan was one of them, and his forum name was BadBoy, which shaped the future to come.</p>
<p>The top guys in the forum had different opinions. Most believed a man should come under the radar and attract her using her limbic system purely by making her laugh and interested, applying the same strategy as a peacock to attract its mate, which worked. It was easy to explain, reproduce, and practice. You could package it up as a set of gambits or routines, like performing monkeys going from one gag to another. She would clap, get excited, and end up in the guy’s home.</p>
<p>Tens of thousands of men were experimenting with that, collating the information, sorting it, and perfecting the approaches. This is how the seduction industry formed, as some of the guys saw significant commercial potential in it, so they sold seminars and workshops, which worked. A few big firms were opened in America, specialising in teaching guys how to manipulate women into their beds. It was a fundamentally creepy and dishonest way to deal with anyone, pure manipulation and pressure. Still, the guys pushing it were incredible marketers. They effectively converted the interaction with women into a form of performing arts laced with high-pressure sales tactics.</p>
<p>This is where Dan comes into the story. From the very beginning, he promoted respect and authenticity, but nobody listened because it was hard to teach, package, and sell. It was a very individual skill set based on the person rather than performing a set of tricks. Dan always insisted that if you are a strong, confident man, women will be attracted to that, so instead of lying to women and trying to manipulate their emotions, you should work on yourself and learn how to present your value, your character traits, your beliefs, your taste, and your body language. He promoted the idea that it is easy for a woman to love you if you become worthy of her love, attraction, arousal, or anything like that.</p>
<p>As time passed, the problems in the dating business started to surface. The men manipulating women began to face common problems. They even called it “buyer’s remorse,” using the exact terminology from marketing and sales tactics, because let’s face it, the companies selling this were, in essence, schools for marketing, paid premiums.</p>
<p>Everything changed around 2008 when Dan introduced a streamlined version of his process. He called it DNA, an anagram of Dan, insisting that all you need to attract women is in your bones and blood, your own DNA. Dan presented it in a way that resonated with everyone. This approach was dubbed the “direct method,” as opposed to the commonly used method where you subvert and manipulate women, and it worked.</p>
<p>It worked because women knew who you were from the first moment, and you worked hard to improve yourself, to be better. You were training to better yourself rather than to be better at manipulating women. Soon enough, it was all the rage, and the world began abandoning the old companies in droves.</p>
<p>As they faced collapse, they quickly adapted, copied what Dan was doing, and called it the “natural” approach, but they failed. They screwed up without a deeper understanding of how everything worked. All of them failed to grasp the synergy of personal identity with the world around them. They were still pretending and acting, but now it moved from gimmicks and tactics to something really aggressive, and soon enough, the companies failed. They were sued by women, with many of their instructors being labelled as misogynist perverts. Some even got banned from various countries, and the whole industry became toxic. Everyone shut down except for Dan.</p>
<p>As it began, so it ended. Dan remained just a guy interested in helping others achieve the same success he managed to create for himself. Of course, he got paid for it – the man has to eat – but his primary motivation was always to help others. It was his legacy, something he would leave behind, and he would be remembered in history as the man who helped many.</p>
<p>Dan never had as many followers as the other companies because he had no other product to sell. People would come to him with their problems, and he would teach and help them. Then, they would thank him and move on with their lives, ceasing to be customers and remaining friends.</p>
<p>I could see that Dan and Jack had some history between them. I began to suspect Jack was one of Dan’s former students, but I didn’t ask. Some things are best left to the imagination, and I didn’t want to pry. Jack’s story made me quite emotional. It wasn’t so much what he said but how he expressed himself. It gave me a different insight into his psyche, even though I firmly believed that Jack was unfathomable and would forever remain a mystery to me.</p>
<p>It seemed only fair in some way for him to share a part of his life as well. He knew my past when I told him my story. I must have sounded pathetic. It got me thinking again, and I decided to speak up.</p>
<p>“I wanted to ask you something. I’m having this strange problem.” Jack sat up and listened as I relayed everything that happened since I met Dan, focusing on my feelings and inner turmoil, emphasising recent events. I told him about today, my mini-breakdown or epiphany, and how I felt like I was unravelling. Deep down, I was scared of what might happen to me if this continued.</p>
<p>Jack looked into my eyes and thought for a while, then said, “I think it is an identity problem.”</p>
<p>“No shit, Sherlock,” I wanted to laugh, but he continued, explaining that what fractured was my belief system. I had built a house of cards, and now the foundation was broken. All the assumptions were placed one on top of the other, and now that they were proven wrong, the whole structure collapsed. In many ways, I was naive, like a child looking at the world for the first time, but without anyone to guide me on how to interpret things.</p>
<p>“The word reality is overused,” he said, introducing the concept from NLP, or Neurolinguistic Programming, and delving into the difference between a map and the territory.</p>
<p>“What you’re facing now is not a mental breakdown but a crisis of faith. You just found out that your god is dead, and nobody is telling you how to live anymore.” He was right. I was alone, with no one to guide me or hold my hand. All my mistakes were on me now, and all my thoughts were solely mine. It was a daunting prospect, and I didn’t know where to begin.</p>
<p>“I am afraid, Jack.” It was the first time I saw his eyes soften. He put his hand on mine.</p>
<p>“Don’t be, friend. Let me tell you a story.” Once upon a time, a man was lost. Of course, he was talking about himself in the third person, sharing intimate details about his life, situation, and the struggles he faced. At that moment, I knew I had found a friend for life, one who wouldn’t abandon me when times got tough.</p>
<p>“At the end of his strength, the man went to the beach.” He wanted to see one last sunrise. The weather was warm, and the waves were gentle. The sun had just risen, and there was a sense of peace. A light breeze carried the scent of salt, and the air felt pregnant with moisture. It was a perfect moment to appreciate nature before confronting life’s challenges.</p>
<p>No one was in sight, but when the man looked down, he noticed footprints in the sand going forward. The waves weren’t reaching far enough to wash them away, so the man followed the footprints, hoping to find the person who had left them.</p>
<p>After about twenty minutes, behind a bend, he spotted a figure standing with a fishing rod. The man seemed to be fishing alone, absorbed in his task. What drew the observer’s attention was the fisherman’s shaved head and lengthy beard, reminiscent of a priest.</p>
<p>As he approached, the fisherman turned and looked directly into his eyes, offering a smile. The fisherman’s eyes were a captivating blend of green and blue, as if they couldn’t settle on a single hue. The man was momentarily taken aback, nearly paralysed.</p>
<p>“You are right on time,” said the fisherman, grinning.</p>
<p>“I don’t understand.” The fisherman gestured towards the sun and replied, “You came here to welcome.” The man was puzzled; this enigmatic bearded figure was speaking in riddles.</p>
<p>“You have lost your faith,” the fisherman said, and the man burst into tears. The fisherman put the rod into the man’s hands and said, “Well, it is here.”</p>
<p>“I am sorry, but I don’t understand,” the man said, tears rolling down his face.</p>
<p>“The first lesson is detachment,” the fisherman said. “And the next one is faith. One is a precursor to the other; one leads to the other.” The fisherman turned his back and started walking away. The man was left confused, almost in a state of panic, his entire being consumed by emotional turmoil.</p>
<p>“What do I do now?” he shouted at the fisherman, but he didn’t turn back. The man looked at the rod and realised it was all pointless. He would never catch a fish this way, just standing on a beach with a rod in his hands.</p>
<p>“There are no fish here. I will never catch a fish this way.” The fisherman stopped and turned to the man with a smile.</p>
<p>“You are not catching fish, friend.” The waves came in and erased the fisherman’s footsteps. When the man looked back, the fisherman had disappeared. He looked at the rod, feeling his heartbeat calm down. The wind carried a fresh scent of salt, and the sunrays warmed his face. The gentle waves washed over the man’s feet, seeming to wash away his pain. He felt like he was living someone else’s life, and his muscles relaxed. He could breathe again.</p>
<p>The man smiled, opened his eyes, and saw the world as if for the first time. He saw the bamboo rod in his hand, but it didn’t even have a string at its end. He lost track of time, standing there on the beach, feeling the air, so absorbed that he didn’t notice the little girl on the beach, walking with two women—one brunette and the other the most beautiful blonde he had ever seen.</p>
<p>The little girl, driven by curiosity, came closer to the man and just stood there. She had the most captivating blue eyes, and the man believed he would never see eyes like those again. Her face was angelic, and her almost platinum-blonde hair curled beneath her cap.</p>
<p>“What is your name, honey?” the man asked.</p>
<p>“I am Eve, mister. What’s yours?”</p>
<p>“I am Jad.” She pointed at the two women holding hands and said, “Those are my mommies, Kitty and Joy, but Joy is a cat.” The man smiled at the child’s whimsical imagination and the pure happiness that only a young heart could hold—one that wasn’t tainted or broken. He remembered how it felt when he was a child before he lost his faith. Closing his eyes, he felt determined to rediscover the most precious thing in life.</p>
<p>“What are you fishing for?” the girl asked, and the man smiled, finally understanding the old fisherman’s words.</p>
<p>“I’m fishing for a whale made out of wishes.”</p>

</body>
</html>
