<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 11 - Longest flight</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 11 - Longest flight</h2>
<p>The droning of powerful jet engines was somewhat muted by my AirPod Max noise-cancelling headphones, just enough to create a background white noise so I could concentrate on reading. Lately, I found it hard to find a quiet moment long enough to concentrate on pretty much anything.</p>
<p>“You should read Montana,” Jack said after hearing about my latest challenges. He was right; it was an identity issue. I blamed Lexi, as always, but I was thankful for what she had done for me. It seemed that my life underwent complete remodelling each time I saw her. It took me days to process what happened to the point of almost stopping everything, considering calling it a day, and then checking myself into a mental institution for thorough reprogramming so I could happily sing from the same hymn sheet as the rest of the kids, with a beautiful soprano voice, raised as a castrato by my mother.</p>
<p>She taught me to accept, understand, and forgive. “Do not resist an evil person. If anyone slaps you on the right cheek, turn to them on the other cheek. And if anyone wants to sue you and take your shirt, hand over your coat as well.” The Bible is full of great advice that could leave you beaten, robbed, and violated. Just listen to Matthew 5:38-40. He’ll tell you how it’s done. They should have called it “The Babble” instead of The Bible. Try getting punched in the face and tell me later about offering another side. “Come on, Ike, and make it hurt this time.”</p>
<p>The problem with my identity was that it was constructed atop a pile of rubbish—absolute, self-serving nonsense designed to oppress the masses. “Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the earth—Matthew 5:5.” That was the root of the problem. We never stood a chance, raised to kneel, obey, and beg for forgiveness, kissing the bejewelled hands of our betters.</p>
<p>We bought into this from the beginning and built our faith on false promises: the kingdom of heaven for the obedient. It’s all good and great until it breaks, and then it’s “Humpty Dumpty” time, where you pick up the pieces and try to put yourself back together. No matter how you put them together, it’s never the same, and four-score men and four-score more could get together, get drunk, and lose themselves in each other’s assholes.</p>
<p>Jack pinpointed it quickly—the identity crisis was a crisis of faith. I had to rebuild my entire belief system atop a firmer foundation, one that wouldn’t be as easy to break as the one spoon-fed to me by the world. But I could only rely on myself. How do I even begin doing that? I still didn’t know what it meant to be a man.</p>
<p>That’s where Dan came in. The teachings he gave me were helpful in the beginning, but now they have become essential. He stepped into the father figure role by standing by my side and saying, “No, son. You need to do it this way.” I missed that. I missed my dad. I lost track of him years ago and didn’t even know if he was alive. Even if he was and I met him, what could he teach me? His most defining characteristic was the speed at which he abandoned me. That’s not the role model I wished to emulate.</p>
<p>“Why do I feel something is missing? When I act like a man, I see it’s working, but somehow, it feels detached from my perception of reality.” It was a loaded question, and Jack smiled. After his fisherman story, I had no doubt he had asked himself a question like that at some point.</p>
<p>“It’s not the ’man’ problem, but that of your identity. You’ve always had an unrealistic sense of self.” Jack’s words made me think. He was right; I wrapped it up and tucked it away whenever I faced a conflict. I needed to believe the world was a certain way. How does one relive experiences that help bridge that gap? How does one connect his identity in a way that mirrors the fact that he is a man? Where does one even begin?</p>
<p>“I want you to read this,” Jack said, sending me an Amazon link. It was a book called “Montana,” about a guy who kidnapped a girl and took her to the prairie where he kept her leashed to the ground like a farm animal. This kind of thing didn’t appeal to me. I wasn’t big on book reading anyway. I only read to learn something useful, like a specification or a manual. I read too many books when I was young.</p>
<p>“I have little time for messed-up romance,” I said, and Jack chuckled.</p>
<p>“It’s not what you read, but how you read it. You must learn to read between the lines.” He made me promise to read it and tell him later if I learned anything, so I bought a Kindle reader and downloaded a free copy. After all, there was little to do on my flight to see Dan in LA. I could read or watch a silly movie. The flight was too long to sleep through anyway, so I read, and my mind painted vivid pictures of the yellowing long grass, wolves and horses. I wasn’t sure if I would make it past the first chapter, but by the second, everything changed. I saw something that intrigued me, so I continued reading until my eyes grew tired. I closed them, surprised that I had read non-stop for hours. Thoughts swirled in my mind, the last few weeks of my life blending with everything I had read.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>“Bienvenue à la Chambre, messieurs,” the French guy said. He was the guy that ignored me when I entered the bar with Lexi last time. The man had casually ignored me before, but now he was all smiles. I dislike rude people, but I was curious about what he wanted.</p>
<p>“My name is Pierre. I see you’re friends with my good friend here.” Jack and the man shook each other’s hands, exchanging greetings in French. “Pardonnez-moi, monsieur, old habits die hard. How do you enjoy my little club?” It suddenly clicked that the man was the proprietor of this place. I shook his hand, introducing myself, while he waved the waiter over, who brought us a cold gold-plated wine glass with small pieces of fine chocolate inside.</p>
<p>“This is something special,” he said, and Jack smiled, reaching straight for the glass. Pierre offered it again, and I took a piece and put it into my mouth.</p>
<p>“My god!” It was the best chocolate I had ever tried. Both men laughed at that.</p>
<p>“My family is originally from Belgium. We make the best chocolate in the world without exaggeration. This is because we own and control the complete end-to-end chain.” I had to control myself from stealing the glass and hissing at everyone, “My precious,” with big popping eyes. After two more pieces, I forced myself to stop.</p>
<p>“I love your place. It is exquisitely decorated, but I must admit, I like the company more.”</p>
<p>“Aaah, Casandra, je comprends, oui, oui. She is our special guest.”</p>
<p>“Pierre is being humble,” Jack added. His family owns a lot of property and business in Beirut and Kinshasa.“ That was another revelation about Jack. The two knew each other quite well, even outside the club.</p>
<p>”Chocolate!“ I heard a scream, and from the corner of my eye, I saw a large flying object. I didn’t have a chance to turn before Cassandra landed in my lap. Immediately, she grabbed a piece and put it into her mouth, chewed it, and used her tongue to spread it all over my cheek. Then, slowly, she licked it off, lick after lick, breaking from time to time to nibble my ear and whisper obscenities.</p>
<p>”I love the taste of your skin. Mmm, I am so turned on by this,“ then Cassie would have another lick. I was breathing in a shallow, panting breath. All the blood from my face drained south in an instant. I saw Lexi join us and sit on Pierre’s lap, smiling at me like some evil creature and winking when I caught her eyes.</p>
<p>It was a trap I could see coming from a mile away. Jack smiled, finding it amusing, and Lexi enjoyed it. There was something ruthless in her gaze, almost like she enjoyed torturing people. It looked to me like she was feeding on my discomfort, like it aroused her, feeding her inner nature, but she was my friend. It was so confusing and hard to concentrate. My entire body was overstimulated.</p>
<p>”Alors, dis-moi, Jim, if you like it here, would you like to join as a member?“ Pierre asked, and for the love of god, I couldn’t explain where I found the strength to negotiate. It seemed like my cheapness was stronger even than the embodiment of Salome herself, licking chocolate off my face.</p>
<p>”How much does it cost? I am not as rich as most of your members.“ Pierre smiled, watching me swoon from Cassie’s tongue in my ear.</p>
<p>”With family and friends discount, forty-five thousand a year, and you get to bring one guest for free. Fifty-five a year if you bring two guests.“ I almost choked at the price, and I used to think my gym membership was expensive. My mind started calculating, trying to work it out, when Cassie detached and looked me into my eyes.</p>
<p>”Please, Jim. Say yes. I want to see you again, then she kissed my nose.“ I was about to say something when she put a piece of chocolate between my lips and pushed it in with her tongue, straddling me and sitting right on my erection. She pulled my hand and put it against her breast and kissed me for all it was worth.</p>
<p>”Please, Jim, please, say yes.“ That was it. She smiled, feeling my cock pump rhythmically, and she gyrated her ass a little while I screamed ”yes,“ to the Frenchman. Then she kissed me again. Cassie wouldn’t let me breathe until the waiter brought a card machine. I gave him my visa and typed in a PIN code. The damn thing bleeped, and I was fifty-five grand poorer.</p>
<p>”Congratulations, friend. Welcome to The Chamber.“ The waiter brought me a welcome pack, and everyone in the club stood up and clapped. I was a little too busy to appreciate the moment. Cassie went insane on top of me with her kissing and fondling.</p>
<p>”Fuck,“ I just came in my pants a moment ago, and I was already hard like steel pipe, ready to blow. A small chocolate box came with the pack, and Cassie squealed. She pulled my hand and dragged me into one of the side rooms. I didn’t have a chance to check them out yet. The one she took me to was like a private theatre, showing some flick, and we were alone. Immediately, she dropped her dress, pulled out one chocolate, chewed it and spat it all over her breasts.</p>
<p>I didn’t need an explanation of what to do with it. My lips engulfed Cassie’s nipple, and I sucked on it like a baby. I knew then that I would remain a member for life if every time I extended, I got a box of chocolate like that. I would scoop some chocolate, then kiss Cassie hard. She moaned, enjoying the taste. My hand snuck down between my legs to rub her pussy, but she pulled it away.</p>
<p>”No! I’m not a whore like Lexi.“</p>
<p>”I know that. You just make me so horny, and I wanted to please you.“ She studied my eyes for a while, and then her expression softened. She could read the need and desperation in my eyes.</p>
<p>”Okay, but you don’t tell anyone.“ I nodded, and she took her panties away. Like a hungry wolf, I attacked her pussy with my tongue, trying to bring back from memory every bit of oral technique I ever read or tried, thanking the lord for being anal retentive kind of character who wants to understand all that was available and get the best grades.</p>
<p>Cassie’s pussy was akin to a furnace, hot, tasty and perfect, just a tiny line with pink rose petals inside. Immediately, she gyrated her hips, and in just two minutes of that, she was screaming. Cassie tried to push me away, but I persisted, and two minutes later, she had an even stronger orgasm than that.</p>
<p>”Wait, wait,“ she said, taking a piece of chocolate and then stuffing it inside her perfect pink hole. I sent my tongue in for search and rescue, immediately figuring out Cassie’s pussy was tight like a vice. It made me rethink Jad’s words, calling her a slut. I was willing to bet my life she didn’t get laid for months. Something weird was going on, but I couldn’t focus on that. I had a job to do, and I did it well.</p>
<p>Finally, I managed to pull out the piece of melted chocolate, took her in my mouth and kissed Cassie with everything I had. She moaned, her nipples were erect like pencil erasers, and I sucked them over and again before sliding lower.</p>
<p>My jaw was killing me, and I could barely feel my tongue. I just kept eating Cassie’s pussy, even if it killed me, hoping she would remember that. After about six orgasms, I noticed she slumped. Her eyes were soft and wet when we kissed, and our kissing was less urgent. She didn’t kiss me like a sex-starved maniac anymore but more like a girlfriend, so I slowed down, kissed her neck and stroked her hair.</p>
<p>The next time she orgasmed, it was different. She moaned loudly and squealed like I broke some sort of an invisible barrier. She came hard but didn’t try to push me away, so I continued, and in a minute, she came again. Something was happening. Cassie wasn’t coming down off it. If anything, she would get turned on even more, so I did my best, applying everything I learned from how she moved and focused.</p>
<p>She came one more time, then again, until she grabbed the hand rests with all her strength and arched her back so hard, I heard her vertebras crackle. She inhaled air in this position, and her legs trembled like electrocuted; all her muscles were contracted, and then she screamed like a monster.</p>
<p>Something happened; her pussy exploded. Suddenly, my mouth filled with water, shooting straight into my throat and bathing my face. She kept screaming, and I didn’t know what to do, so I kept licking her clit for all it was worthwhile. Her pussy drenched me with its juices. I was like a wet mouse nibbling cheese in the shower.</p>
<p>It went on for at least a couple of minutes. I feared I had broken something, having never seen anything like this before. Cassie’s tears were in free flow, but her eyes were open, focused on something far in the distance, and her perfect pearly whites reflected the light as she howled and gasped, fighting for air.</p>
<p>Slowly, all of it subsided, and I heard her sob. So I pulled her down to the floor, into my lap and held her in my arms, stroking her hair and kissing her tears away. My first perfect Barbie doll, and I broke her. I was worried about her, and I hugged her, feeling her sob and shake. I was unable to feel my legs after some twenty minutes, but I was too scared to move. She wasn’t this haughty woman anymore who radiated control and self-confidence, but a little girl who needed to be loved and cared for, so I did my best.</p>
<p>There goes the theory that beautiful women have a shallow understanding of anything, just using their beauty to get what they want. There was much more to Cassie, and I didn’t understand any of it. Whatever transpired seemed incredible. There was some interplay that went over my head.</p>
<p>For a split instant, I thought Cassie would do well to get some specialist help. None of it was normal from the start, her weird behaviour and how she told me she wasn’t a prostitute. It was all so convoluted, like a ball of yarn and chewing gum all mixed together. The best I could tell was that there was some deep trauma and psychological damage and that I should stay the fuck away from the ticking time bomb she was, ready to go off at any minute, but I couldn’t. As weird as it might sound if I told it to anyone, I felt like we bonded.</p>
<p>It took another hour before Cassie got back to her usual self again. She even made a joke, showing me my chocolates with two-thirds of them still there.</p>
<p>”Keep this for next time,“ she said and smiled, but there was something different in her eyes. It was as if she was testing me or something. Suddenly, I felt like I was under a microscope. Somehow, I had gotten so far by being honest, so I gambled that honesty was the best way to continue. I took the chocolates and put them into her purse.</p>
<p>”I know you love them. If ever you want a repeat performance, you know how to find me, and just for the record, I joined The Chamber because of you. I like you.“ It was simple and honest.</p>
<p>”We have to go,“ she said, looking away, but I saw her pull a tissue from her purse and dab her eyes. Something was really wrong with that girl inside. As we got out, nobody looked at us, nobody said a word. Cassie ran into the toilet, and I joined Jack and Pierre, who were talking about something with Lexi, looking animated.</p>
<p>Cassie came back some ten minutes later. She was barefoot, carrying her high-heeled shoes in her hands. Everyone looked at her without batting an eyelash, then looked away. She sat in my lap, nestling in my arms. It was like someone turned off the noise. All the sexual interplay was gone. She didn’t even try to lick my face once, but she buried her nose in my neck and inhaled. Cassie’s hand rubbed mine, and our fingers entwined, over and over again, as if she was craving physical intimacy without any hint of sexuality. She closed her eyes and breathed as my hand went through her hair until I touched the back of her head and massaged it. At one point, I felt something wet on my neck but pretended I didn’t notice it.</p>
<p>Some twenty minutes later, Cassie was gone, asleep, feeling warm and comfortable in my lap. Pierre waved to the waiters, and they brought a soft, airline-style blanket, and I tucked her in. She woke up for a second and smiled, kissing my lips quickly, half-dazed, then curled in my arm, purring in my ear as my hand massaged her foot. This felt intimate, better than any sex I could have. I felt conflicted, but Cassie was out again in a minute.</p>
<p>Pierre, Jack, and I kept going for a while, talking about innocuous things, just hanging out, and shooting the breeze. Lexi left, claiming she had somewhere to be later. After the initial shock of burning through fifty grand, I started to think and rationalise. I wanted women like Cassie in my life, not the ones you find in regular places. There was too much competition there, and nobody could understand my investment. Plus, there is always that random crazy guy lurking somewhere, waiting to embed his fist right into my face. I was learning to be a man, but I realised this was my direction of travel. One huge benefit was that I now had a platform to make friends—rich and powerful, the elite, intelligent, educated, well-spoken, accomplished, and well-dressed. Those were the kind of people I should have been befriending in the first place. The Chamber was a springboard for me and my new vision of life. With all taken into account, for fifty-five grand, I underpaid.</p>
<p>The night came to a close, and Cassie didn’t want to go home and protested, saying she felt cosy the way she was. Some of her sassiness returned, and she insisted. I offered to take her to my place, warning her it was small but close. She looked into my eyes, searching for deception and lies, and then her tiredness won over.</p>
<p>”Okay, but only if you carry me.“ It was funny, and I agreed. A few minutes later, we left the place. She giggled when I almost slipped on the stairs outside, and she protested sitting on her side. Cassie felt comfortable sitting on my lap. Lamin took it in stride, shrugged and drove us home.</p>
<p>It was late, and the streets were deserted. We reached my block in only fifteen minutes. I handed Lamin a hundred pounds for overtime, and he thanked me with a big smile while I carried Miss Precious inside. She perked up a little, looking through my place and examining pictures.</p>
<p>”You are a neat freak, aren’t you?“ I shrugged, busted. I disliked living in disorder. It was easier for everything to have its predetermined place. I never spent a second searching for my keys.</p>
<p>”I’m going to take a shower,“ I said as Cassie sat on my comfy white leather sofa and switched on the British Brainwashing Channel, delivering the latest software updates straight into her brain. The water felt great on my body, and I just stood there with closed eyes, enjoying it.</p>
<p>At one moment, I felt cold air, opened my eyes, and jumped. Cassie stood there, butt naked, with a big kitchen knife in her hand. I almost shat myself right there, but she started laughing like mad, throwing the knife back onto the bed. I got the joke. She was reenacting a scene from the classic Alfred Hitchcock movie, ”Psycho.“ It was super funny for the irony—a guy takes a girl to his place, then kills her in a shower, going along the line of how dangerous it is for women to go out with strangers, and she played on the reversal of that.</p>
<p>I ran out, and she screamed, giggling like a maniac. Finally, I managed to catch her hair and bring her down.</p>
<p>”Ow, ow, no, please, I’m sorry, I promise.“ She kept begging, but she didn’t try to run away, so I sat on the bed, pulled her over so her stomach was on my lap, and her perfect bubble butt pointed up, inviting. I waved fast and slapped it hard.</p>
<p>”Oouch, noo, noo,“ she begged, still not trying to run. One, two, three, ten slaps delivered, and with each, her protests turned quieter. Her butt was read like a rose, but I noticed her pussy was wet like a leaking faucet. So I missed once on purpose, hitting her pussy instead. She screamed a little but opened her legs wide. I took it as an invitation and slapped her again.</p>
<p>Five slaps in, and she was running, and fifteen more she was bouncing. One time, I wanted to see what would happen. I slapped her hard, and she screamed, bit into my calf and orgasmed. She wiggled her hand between her legs and stuck her finger inside, riding the orgasm wave till the end.</p>
<p>When she finally got up and saw her face in a mirror by the bed, she looked like a vampire with blood on her lips and smeared on her face. She looked at my leg, and it was bleeding. When she came, she bit through my skin.</p>
<p>”I’m sorry, I’m sorry,“ she panicked, trying to find her way into the unknown apartment.</p>
<p>”Wardrobe, right side, second drawer from the top.“ She ran there and pulled out the first aid kit and a bottle of saline water. She quickly washed me and applied iodine, then wrapped my leg with a bandage.</p>
<p>”I am sorry, Jim, really.“ She almost cried. I smiled at her and pulled her closer, kissed her lips, and she closed her eyes.</p>
<p>”It was worth it to experience this.“ Her face turned red instantly. ”Go, take a shower. You can use my spare jammies in the drawer there.“ I almost dozed off listening to running water, then it stopped, and she landed dry and naked with a white towel around her hair right between my legs, lying her head on my left thigh with her face inches from my flaccid cock. She smiled and blew at it a few times. Instantly my cock transformed into a steel pipe.</p>
<p>Cassie smiled, going up and down my cock with her nails. Each time she did that, it would twitch, wishing to expel the sperm out. She pulled the skin down all the way, then studied my bloodshot knob from each side before putting her nose on it and taking a deep breath.</p>
<p>”You have a nice cock,“ she said and gave the tip a little lick, then smacked her lips. I was so turned on that if she did it for five seconds longer, I would explode like the old faithful geyser in Yellowstone. She saw the desperation in my eyes and went up and down with her sharp index fingernail, perfectly manicured, artistically done, not that cheap gel bullshit nonsense that makes women look cheap. The nails were her own.</p>
<p>Our eyes met, and Cassie gave me an evil smile. Then she started tapping the tip of her finger on the top of my bulbous head. I couldn’t take it anymore, and I grunted. My sperm shot up like catapulted, and my cock vomited the white elixir of life. Her eyes were big, and she shook her head, struggling to believe how much I had sprayed out. I wasn’t as right at the end; I felt a little pinch at the top of my balls. I was empty, running dry. My cock wanted to breed her so hard that the balls gave all out.</p>
<p>She stared at my cock going down without blinking, not wishing to miss a minute. When my cock died, she used her fingers to sign her name with my sperm on my leg and smiled, then she scooped a bit with her nail and placed it on her tongue, rolling it inside like a connoisseur, and swallowed.</p>
<p>”I like how you taste,“ she said and giggled; her confident look returned, and she licked my leg where she wrote her name with my sperm. Still giggling, she jumped up, got some toilet paper and wet wipes from her bag, and cleaned me like new.</p>
<p>Cassie jumped next to me and lay on the side. Immediately, she pulled my arm and wrapped it around her chest, entangling her fingers with mine. Her ass rested right on my cock, but it seemed Cassie trusted me. I told her I wouldn’t do anything she wasn’t okay with and didn’t tell her a single lie from the beginning. It was a dividend paying off now. Cassie kept adjusting herself to get more touch. She was intimacy-starved. At one point, she turned around, face to face and wrapped herself around me like a constrictor snake.</p>
<p>This felt so good and intimate, so I closed my eyes while she stared. From one minute to another, her lips would touch mine with the gentlest of kisses until she adjusted herself again, burying her head into my neck. Everything went silent for a while, then some sort of shiver came, and another a minute later. After a few moments, I felt something warm roll down my neck, and I opened my eyes and looked into hers. There was no Cassie there, just those two deep pools of emotion, so blue and so scared.</p>
<p>I kissed her lips and wiped her tears away with my thumbs, then I hugged her so tight, and she broke. She wailed like a child, shivering in my arms while I stroked her hair, saying, ”Shhh.“ Slowly, as time passed, her sobs died down, and the shivers stopped. Her lips rested next to mine, and she was asleep with our fingers wrapped.</p>

</body>
</html>
