<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 12 - Memory lane</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 12 - Memory lane</h2>
<p>When I woke up the following morning, Cassie was gone. I called her several times and sent messages, but she didn’t respond. So after a few days, I passed by The Chamber, and there Cassie was, happy to see me, teasing me and licking my face again as if nothing had happened. It was bizarre in many ways, but if she didn’t want to talk about what happened between us, I didn’t want to push it either. She still enchanted me, and she made my heart jump. I was convinced that we would get to the bottom of that sooner or later. The problem was, I still wanted her, maybe more than ever. In some way, it was good that she acted like it was all just water under the bridge.</p>
<p>My fling with Cassie didn’t affect my planned exercise. If anything, I redoubled my efforts, trying to master my presentation. For some time now, I couldn’t see anything wrong with my conduct. That could be for only two reasons: I either mastered it to such perfection that there was nothing to fix, or more likely, I had learned it enough to be unable to see subtle mistakes. Still, I persevered, wishing for whatever I did to become my second nature, a muscle memory of sorts, and time was short.</p>
<p>This was, in fact, the crux of the problem. I didn’t think a month was enough time to fully master one subject, and more difficult ones were about to come. In addition to all this, my lifestyle changed, requiring more time, so I spoke with Dan and explained the problem. He agreed with me to extend the next session’s duration from one month to three. It would allow me to catch up with everything and truly master what he was teaching.</p>
<p>With that in mind, I went to HR and asked for a week’s holiday, filled my forms in triplicate on pre-printed NCR paper, and got them signed. I always cringed when doing that, wondering what the point of spending so much on our internal portal and maintaining it was if nobody was using it. All those applications and approvals could have been done digitally for years. It was one of the things I planned to look into as the new Chief Technical Officer. Reducing costs and increasing productivity are always good policies—streamlining and cutting waste. With all the roadblocks and redundant processes relying on heavy manual involvement, we had become a behemoth that took a week to answer a customer’s email. It was unacceptable. If this was my company, heads would roll. Still, we were a publicly traded household name, and nobody seemed to care about efficiency or small shareholders, only the institutional ones.</p>
<p>Despite all my whinging, I was on cloud nine. In just a few short months, my life had fundamentally changed. Dan told me not to celebrate early as change has peaks and troughs. “It’s individual, Jim. Some people take long, and others instantly click.” My road was winding, and I was to blame for being a perfectionist and saying “yes” all the time. I would imagine that, too, was individual. Some guys were never married; others were less financially stable. All I did all my life was work hard and save. I invested every waking moment in building my house of cards and saving money so one day, I could live a good life with my beautiful wife. I was a good worker and an obedient ant, listening to my betters and keeping my head down, but no more.</p>
<p>When I first met Dan and told him my story, I said, “I don’t want to go backwards,” and he understood me. I didn’t want to invest a year to be with just anyone. The friends I wanted to make should be, at a minimum, well-educated, and the women should be on the level of my wife at the time we married. In my crazy mind, I wanted to roll back time and restart my life from where everything went sideways. I should have shown some backbone when Tina came over to seduce me and set some rules and boundaries. Maybe if I did that, she would respect me, and I would still be with her and my children.</p>
<p>I lost so much time trying to fix the relationship with my wife, hoping that one day she would snap out of it, but I was a fool, hoping for a miracle. Nobody walks on water these days; if they did, people would use a different word to describe them. If someone saw Jesus in modern times, they’d call him a prestidigitator instead of a prophet, and he’d probably get an invitation to a talk show with all the usual suspects, the raving and mindless.</p>
<p>It was hard to get used to this new, cynical me that slowly emerged from the ashes of what I used to call myself. The dark satire laced with venom when I spoke scared me to the bone. I was spitting poison mixed with bile. Gone was that meek, quiet, polite man I was raised to be, and I turned into something bitter and grotesque but apparently tasty to some.</p>
<p>Soon, I would turn fifty, sixty, or more. I wasted my best years on a cheating slut who kept my children as ransom for living a good life without lifting a finger, spreading her legs for whoever called. That, too, was my fault, of course. I knew something was off since the first day. Still, I chose to give her the benefit of the doubt, to believe I was just imagining, projecting my insecurities. Still, something didn’t let me fully relax. That’s why I discreetly took samples of my kids when they were born and had them tested. They were, in fact, my biological children.</p>
<p>I finally got Tina to agree to let me see them. I had to withhold two months of alimony payments to coerce her to do that. Was that right? Hell yes. The woman didn’t even like them. She couldn’t wait for them to be old enough to ship them away to a boarding school I paid for, still sending cash across to her while they were away. In fact, I purposely put that bug in her ear. “At least I can see them sometimes instead of you shipping them off to some boys’ school far away.” That was enough, and out of sheer spite, she found the school in days and signed them up, snickering. She liked to twist the knife in my heart and watch me bleed. I couldn’t understand why she felt like that. She was the one who cheated from the first day. Somewhere along the line, she learned to despise and blame me for all her problems like a woman scorned.</p>
<p>Tina let me take my kids to the park, where we hugged and cried while I promised them everything would be okay someday. My heart was breaking, but I had to be strong for my boys, and they promised to be brave and do what I told them. I could feel the blood drain from my face when my elder boy told me some stories. He was seven now and had joined the school, and I almost choked.</p>
<p>“Teacher said that I must decide if I am a boy or a girl,” Liam said, staring into my eyes, looking for guidance. I fell to my knees and hugged him tight. “You are a boy, my son. No matter what anyone tells you, promise me you will keep it in your heart. You are a boy; you were always a boy. Even if someone gets angry with you. I promise I will come for you.” Liam hugged me and cried again. I broke into tears as well. Callum joined our hug, and all of us cried. She did it; that cunt. She purposely chose a school like that because she knew it was one of my greatest fears.</p>
<p>Tina often called me transphobic, and we would have fights. I didn’t understand why. The dictionary definition of phobia is an extreme or irrational fear of or aversion to something. I wasn’t scared of transgender people or averse to them. I was raised to believe that all people are equal regardless of their nationality, gender, sexual orientation, or the colour of their skin. We all were a beautiful mishmash of craziness put together to build the society today.</p>
<p>I just disliked the radical politicising of any of those topics trying to divide us, especially the insane gender ideology they shoved down the throats of our children. In my mind, if a child is too young to give meaningful consent, then stay the fuck away from them. It was the duty of the parents to inform them about sexuality or recognise trends, not for the corrupt government to take it away from them. And if, at eighteen, the kids decide they are any of the forms people come in today, god bless them. I would still love my boys to death if they were gay, queer, or anything else. I loved them unconditionally, whatever they were, and I wouldn’t let them be manipulated.</p>
<p>Tina would always lose her marbles when I said things like that, failing to understand she was conflating two things. My point was about the personal autonomy and agency of an adult versus parental responsibility and government overreach. If you are too young for sex or to enter into a contract of any kind without parental involvement, then the government should keep their grubby fingers the fuck away from my children. Tina knew the deep-set trauma I carried all my life from a coddling single mother who raised me like a girl without any male role model. In her messed-up head, Tina wanted to use my kids for revenge and not just raise them as daughters but also change their sex. So she sent Liam to a school with the most radical gender program to brainwash him, just to hurt me. When I confronted her, she pretty much said that.</p>
<p>“Why are you doing this?”</p>
<p>“So you would hurt like you hurt me.”</p>
<p>“What did I ever do to you to make you hate me so much?”</p>
<p>“You threw me away and divorced me, discarded me like an old tissue.”</p>
<p>“Are you insane? You are the one who cheated. You filed for divorce.” She screamed and shut the door right in my face. If I hadn’t moved at the last moment, she would have broken my nose.</p>
<p>My anger boiled up. I wanted to punch with my fist through the door, take a crowbar, then go look for her and drag her into a bathtub. I shook my head. I’d never had such violent thoughts before. It all happened that day at The Chamber, where my reality finally fractured. I had some time to think about it and visited my psychiatrist. We spent two hours talking, and he opined it was my repressed identity emerging, the inner masculinity that I denied all my life. And because I wasn’t used to it, sometimes it emerged in its most primal way through aggressive thoughts.</p>
<p>If I were an ordinary boy raised with a strong male role model, I would learn to manage and control my emotions over time, resulting in a more balanced state. “Most people never experience this,” he explained, the fracturing, the emergence of a repressed personality. He recommended exercise and therapy to teach me the strategies to cope with it and, over time, balance it. “You can look at it from a positive perspective. What’s coming out is who you were supposed to be, but it’s raw, and you need to learn how to manage it.” The man knew my history. He helped me get over my divorce by talking to me. He didn’t believe in prescribing pills, saying they only treat the symptoms, often mask them, and cause dependence.</p>
<p>This was another wake-up call, and I stopped procrastinating. Something deep inside me pushed me back from going to the gym. I had been a member for almost a month, paying a shitload of cash, and I had never even visited. It was time to fix that. My psychiatrist told me I could tame some of my emerging impulses through vigorous exercise.</p>
<p>Lamin picked me up and drove me to the place. On the way, I thought about how much better it was this way. It was slower than the tube, of course, because London is mostly gridlocked, but I loved the car. It was built like a spaceship, and Lamin kept it immaculate and fresh-smelling.</p>
<p>I had Lexi to thank for that. When she met and kissed me last time, she wrinkled her nose and tapped my jacket.</p>
<p>“You clean up well but get rid of that stench. You smell cheap.” I would have been insulted if I hadn’t known her by then. Lexi never minced her words; they were always pointed. She took my phone and typed in a number.</p>
<p>“Call them, and tell them I sent you,” and that was that. I had no clue why, but Lexi never gave me bad advice, so the next day, after getting into the office, I called the shop and visited them the following day. They asked me to come in clean, without any perfume, and to only use plain soap without scent or just water to wash myself.</p>
<p>It was a perfumery, a small shop on the high street. Most people would avoid them as the place looked like a Victorian apothecary. To my surprise, they led me inside a plush room reminiscent of old barbershops. An older man in his late sixties approached and sniffed me. It felt weird, but I went with it. He pulled out a bunch of vials, mixed some liquids, smelled each, and played with them for a while until he smiled.</p>
<p>Using a miniature pipette, he put a drop of each on my skin and rubbed it with cotton buds. He waited a few minutes and smelled me again. Then he frowned, returned to the desk, and mixed the chemicals again. We were there for over an hour before the man finally smiled.
“This is it. Your personalised scent. It is unique to you and compatible with your natural body odour.” A small bottle of perfume cost me almost three grand.</p>
<p>“Just call us when you need more. We can deliver.” I shrugged; I gave up. If Lexi did something for me, I knew it would be expensive but worth it. There was no point in arguing. In for a penny, in for a pound. You play your hand to the end or fold and get out.</p>
<p>“Those are some expensive chemicals,” I said, and the old guy laughed, winked, and tapped his nose.</p>
<p>“This is what’s expensive, son. The chemicals are practically worthless.”</p>
<p>“So why did you make me such a small bottle?” The man chuckled and smiled. He was a friendly type.</p>
<p>“Look around. Business is slow, and I have bills to pay. You are probably my only customer for the day, so I’m getting as much as possible and ensuring you return next month for more.” I almost fell on the floor laughing. That was my kind of guy—brutally honest but saying it with panache.</p>
<p>“How about throwing in a freebie then, like a room deodoriser or car freshener?” The man thought about it for a second and shrugged.</p>
<p>“I could do them for a thousand each.” We had a deal. It was a trap. Lamin brought the car over, and the man sat inside. He returned to his office several times and gave me a big vial.</p>
<p>“This should last you a year.” The house was another matter. He did the deodoriser for a grand like he promised and gave me six months’ supplies, but I ended up buying custom shampoos, soaps, and detergents. He had a friend who made them and used his bespoke perfume to scent them. That alone cost me a grand for a month’s supply. I just needed to call them to reorder, and I’d receive it in a few days.</p>
<p>I chuckled in the car on the way to the gym as Lamin drove, breathing in the unique scent, fresh and slightly seductive. Over time, I got used to it but kept receiving compliments in bars and when meeting new people on the street and talking to them. I had girls get flirty when they joined me at the back of a car, complimenting the scent. Even in my office, some women noticed. When I got to HR, the administrative assistant smiled. She was young, in her early thirties, and when nobody looked, she commented, asking about my scent. I told her I forgot what it was, claiming I bought it in Boots down the road as it was on sale. I didn’t want anyone in the office to know my business.</p>
<p>“Is that it?” I asked Lamin when he stopped the car. From the outside, the place looked just like another building. He shrugged, pointing at the navigation. If someone offered me a million to guess what the building was, I’d say it looked like some sort of government office or a private bank. Nothing on the ground level suggested there could be a gym inside.</p>
<p>Lamin waited as I got out, trying to determine if we missed the address. Then I noticed a small golden plate with barely noticeable letters etched, declaring the place to be a private health club. If anything, it was designed to send casual strollers away.</p>
<p>I rang the bell, and the massive brown wooden doors with giant brass knockers in the middle opened. A man on the other side, about my age or slightly older, looked me up and down, frowning.</p>
<p>“How may I help you, sir?” That was a little surprising.</p>
<p>“I am a new member. This is my first time.” The man nodded, opening the door entirely and closing it behind me. He waddled slowly to the computer, sat down, and typed something in.</p>
<p>“May I have your name, sir?” He typed some more and then asked me for my ID. He accepted my driver’s license, frowning as he did it.</p>
<p>“Do I get some sort of a card for next time so you won’t have to look me up?”</p>
<p>“No. I will remember you.” I found that unlikely. I barely remembered all the people in my team, and there were only about fifty of them.</p>
<p>“Do you remember all your clients?” He nodded.</p>
<p>“We don’t have that many members,” I momentarily worried that I was sold a dud. I didn’t want to exercise alone in a sports club. “We value our clients’ privacy. This is why we don’t issue any documents or record any comings and goings of our members,” the man explained. He wasn’t the chatty type, so this must have been an essential message managers wanted him to emphasise.</p>
<p>“Please wait,” he said and sat back, seemingly losing interest in my presence. I didn’t know what I was waiting for, but all of it seemed pretty odd. That’s when I noticed. There wasn’t a single camera anywhere in this place. The only security this place had was the man with a limp who looked like he saw better days in his life. He had no phone, only the old wired Panasonic, looking like a relic from some other time.</p>
<p>I heard footsteps, and my eyes bulged. A young blonde woman of about twenty descended the stairs. She wore a thin white stretchy T-shirt contouring her torso like it was painted, emphasising her orange-sized perky breasts. I could clearly make out her nipples from ten feet away. Her hourglass waist tapered into feminine hips and long, smooth legs that seemed to go on forever, somehow blending her porcelain skin with the shortest mini skirt in existence, ending only a fraction of an inch below her panties. White sporty socks and white trainers completed the look of someone coming to the gym to find a much older husband rather than exercise.</p>
<p>“Hi, Jim. My name is Sandra, but please call me Sandi. You’re new here, so I’ll show you around.” I followed her up the wide, white marble staircase. She went a few steps ahead of me, and I could see her white thong panties. I was convinced she knew what she was doing, and I enjoyed myself. There were indeed two worlds outside—one for the plebs and one for the elite, seemingly blending like oil and water but never really mixing. By joining this gym, I unwittingly crossed the barrier.</p>
<p>It wasn’t just the money, as I knew plenty of rich, miserable people. A guy gets lucky, makes millions, buys a mansion, and fills it with whatever he wants, but still, on the outside, he is a lonely, rich guy spending his cash. There is another layer I never considered: not just the rich but also the powerful and connected.</p>
<p>The rich are not naturally invited to places like The Chamber. They must be introduced by someone whose reputation would be tarnished if they brought an undesirable person into their secret world of power. Even then, a person’s membership has to be seconded by someone and vetted by a group of peers before he is offered a seat at the table.</p>
<p>Pierre explained it to me as we sat and talked. Those were The Chamber’s rules everyone followed, and Lexi brought me in as a prospect. She wasn’t a member, but she took care of the girls that came there. It was a deal between her and Pierre, and she sourced the girls everywhere. None of them were prostitutes, just gorgeous young women willing to use their charms to inspire. Their job was simple—to keep company to people and just be themselves, have fun, and enjoy their life. I’d sign up for it myself at the drop of a hat.</p>
<p>Little was in common between the health club and The Chamber, yet somehow, I could almost imagine two bubbles touching each other. The world of the elite is not a continuous shape but something constantly morphing, transforming with different bubbles gravitating to each other, merging and splitting, and somehow, I found myself inside one of those.</p>
<p>“This is our main exercise area.” I gasped, seeing a room with fresco ceilings and a massive chandelier. It looked more like a ballroom inside some castle than a gym. The place was riddled with exercise equipment—running machines, elliptical trainers, and every other type of bench or machine one could imagine. The far back of the room was covered in floor-to-ceiling mirrors, end to end. In front of it was a large exercise area with benches and free weights.</p>
<p>All of it looked incredible, like a display of class and decadence, and I smiled, smelling the air. It was scented. That was another cue to recognise where I was. As impressive as all that was, I was taken aback by something else. The place was full of women, about thirty of them, and they were all fit and gorgeous, wearing little or less. It turned out Sandi was the most conservatively dressed of all of them. She noticed my gaze go from one to another.</p>
<p>“It is a bit early,” she said. “Most of our members visit us later. It gets quiet like this during the day.” She told me what I wanted to know without spelling it out. I appreciated the discretion and liked the way she worded it.</p>
<p>“Please, come this way.” I followed her into a side room with five girls doing yoga on the mats. “We have different classes on different days—Yoga, Pilates, Zumba. On weekends, we have hot yoga and nude meditation.” I almost choked when she said that. She smiled, watching me swallow hard. She led me to other rooms, explaining their purpose. Then we climbed a flight of stairs to see a pool on the top floor. It wasn’t all that large, and I bet it had something to do with the static of the building and the weight of the water. Next to it were the saunas, the hot and the wet ones, a large hot bubble bath, and the massage tables with aromatherapy and manicures.</p>
<p>“The spa area has a no-clothes policy for hygiene. You can leave your clothes here,” and she showed me the lockers. “These are the fresh towels. They get replaced all the time. When you’re done with one, please just throw it there.” In the end, she led me down, using another set of stairs, into a large dining area decorated like a Victorian tea room with cushy chairs. They served all sorts of food and drinks except alcoholic beverages. Their menu seemed endless, with exotic fruit juices and tonics I’d never heard about before. Finally, she took me to another changing room, and I noticed none had locks.</p>
<p>“Please change into your gym clothes,” she said, and I was done in a minute. “Can I have your phone, keys, wallet, and valuables?” I handed them over, and she carried them to another girl’s desk. “This is Mr Allen,” she said, and the girl took my stuff and put it in storage.</p>
<p>“Your personal belongings are secure here. The staff is trained to remember names and faces.” This made so much sense now when I was reading the information card. There was a field I didn’t know what to put in called “alias.” The staff could remember me as Mickey Mouse, and there would be no record of my name anywhere.</p>
<p>Sandi took me to a girl who was doing kettlebell squats. We waited until she finished, and she introduced her as Kris. She was a tall, gorgeous brunette with light brown eyes and exceptionally well-defined muscles, not like a bodybuilder, which I always found unaesthetic in women, but just like someone who did a lot of sports and was in perfect physical form.</p>
<p>“Kris will be your personal trainer. She studied sports at the university and has all the relevant certificates except for nutrition. I will introduce you to our nutritionist later,” Sandi said with a smile and bounced away, leaving me in Kris’ capable hands.</p>
<p>“Please follow me,” Kris said. She led me to a treadmill and put me through paces, watching my breathing and heart rate. She made me lift weights for each muscle group: arms, back, legs, chest, and abs. Then she took me to the side room and asked me to bend this way or that.</p>
<p>“How do you remember all this?” She smiled at me with a little giggle.</p>
<p>“We are trained for this. Any type of recording device is forbidden.” That’s why Sandi wanted my phone. It clicked.</p>
<p>“What happens if we like each other and I want your number?” She laughed aloud.</p>
<p>“Simple, you take me out,” then she winked. I was willing to bet this wasn’t the first time she answered that question.</p>
<p>“Okay,” she said when we were done. “Your postural muscles are weak, and your stabilisers have practically atrophied. Your stamina is low, your heart rate is too high for your age, your aerobic system is stressed, and your core is too weak. We need to address those first.” She said all this so matter-of-factly but without any judgment, like a doctor when you go in for a check-up.</p>
<p>“I thought you were going to ask me about my priorities.” She smiled again. I quite liked Kris when she smiled. I bet she was a proper firecracker when you got her going with jokes. She seemed like the type of girl who could dish out and take punches with flair.</p>
<p>“Go on, what are they?” I ended up telling her an abbreviated story from the punch in the club to my anger bouts. Her face turned serious for a moment, and then she asked me to follow her to a side room Sandra didn’t show me. It was a boxing gym with a ring in the middle. Kris rummaged through the plastic containers and returned with two pairs of gloves. She showed me how to put them on, then put on hers and told me to get in the ring.</p>
<p>Suddenly, a freight train smacked my face out of nowhere, and everything went black. When I opened my eyes, I saw Kris squatting next to me with an evil smile.</p>
<p>“This is what you do the next time someone attacks you, got it?” My head was ringing, but I didn’t feel angry; rather, I felt motivated. A good lesson is one you don’t need to repeat.</p>
<p>“Come on now,” she helped me up. “I’m going to teach you how to throw a punch, but you must also know how to take one. You went down like a sack of potatoes. It’s embarrassing. I’d never have sex with you.” I liked this girl. She was smart. Kris quickly realised my sense of humour and teased me the right way.</p>
<p>We spent another hour together until I could hit the punching bag without hurting myself. Kris was right. It was hard work but therapeutic. As I smacked the bloody thing around, she quietly sang a PIL song. And when I stopped to ask her about that, she started screaming the words at me in tune, “Anger is an energy,” pushing me to hit harder. I didn’t know she was a fan of Johnny Rotten. My mom forbade me to listen to him, but deep in my mind, John Lydon was always my idol, not for what he did or said, but as an example of the honesty and integrity he showed as a man and his attitude. I wished for a man like him to be my father.</p>
<p>Ding ding! The sound came, followed by the voice on the PA system. The flight attendants went around distributing food and drinks in first class. We would be landing soon at LAX, where a car waited for me sent by a hotel. I was looking forward to that. Rylee and Callie were going insane when they learned I was coming to Los Angeles. They were a nuisance, begging me to take them with me.</p>
<p>It was a mistake hooking them up with Lamin. The two constantly bombarded me with messages and videos on Instagram. They even sent me a video from some bar’s toilet where they were showing me their pierced nipples. The girls went to a party and ended up in a tattoo parlour somewhere. From there, they texted me to ask where they could put the tattoos to connect the two as best friends forever. Still, they were worried about it affecting their future acting careers.</p>
<p>“Piercings are removable,” I texted them, and they went nuts and decided to pierce their clits and nipples. Because of the time zone difference, they would text me till late, and every morning, I would spend at least twenty minutes reading through the incoherent drivel of two sexy ladies with freshly pierced nipples.</p>
<p>I had a bright idea that backfired, so I gave my old iPhone to Lamin while I kept only the Vertu for myself. I asked him to talk to the girls and pass on the messages. After all, he was a bit bored being just a driver. The plan was to kill two birds with one stone, but it turned out the plan was a boomerang.</p>
<p>The girls coopted Lamin into their schemes, making him do all sorts of things for them. I felt sorry for the man, but he laughed it off, saying he enjoyed their energy. God bless him. Soon enough, the girls forced him to document my life, sending them pictures of me in various suits, inside a car, wherever we went, all the fun places in London, the bars, and the women I sat with and had drinks.</p>
<p>It was all predictable. The girls completely lost their minds to the point where it all spilt over. They forced Lamin to take control of my Instagram and post all the pictures they approved of, making me look like some one-percenter playboy with too much money to spend. They gave Lamin tasks to take the exact pictures they wanted. Then they would bombard my Instagram, always tagging themselves with me because that raised their profile. The girls made me look like a rich London millionaire, and the two of them were my favourite sugar babies, which made other girls jealous. It was all fake, but they didn’t care. The truth is whatever one believes it to be. I learned that from Dan, but the two girls understood it instinctively.</p>
<p>When Lamin finally told them of my trip, they went ballistic, squealing, begging, and pleading non-stop. Try receiving sixteen messages with someone wailing at different frequencies, like a dissonant organ mixed with the sound of a sad kitten, and you’ll realise you have no choice.</p>
<p>I found cheap tickets with United from Orlando to Los Angeles – seventy bucks per person each way. Compared to how much I’d spent lately, the sum was laughable. With that done, I booked them a twin room in the same hotel. Ten minutes after sending them the booking confirmation and tickets, they called me back, babbling like kids, thanking me for the opportunity.</p>
<p>The girls always dreamed of visiting LA, the heart of Hollywood. It was this place where they envisioned their future as famous actresses. They knew it was a tall order, but nothing deterred them.</p>
<p>Before I left for the holiday, I wanted to see Amy, who had returned from Eastern Europe, but she refused to see me yet. She said, “I have to fly back in two months, but when I return, I am all yours.” I respected her wishes but missed her a lot. Amy had this lovely energy that made me feel calm and centred. Instead, I went on a little shopping spree at Harrods, looking for gifts for the girls with a uniquely English theme. I considered buying them chocolate, but nothing came close to the Belgian variety, so I focused on bits and trinkets, eventually buying each a fluffy white Harrods bear to squeeze.</p>
<p>As I cleared immigration and the security zone, I looked around for a driver holding a plate with my name on it. Suddenly, out of nowhere, high-pitched squeals echoed—reminiscent of whales calling their mother, but higher and more annoying, almost bursting my eardrums and rivalling a coyote’s howl. A second later, I collided with two young women dressed like runaway strippers. They clambered onto me like monkeys on a banana tree, almost rubbing the skin off my face with their kisses.</p>
<p>People around me rolled their eyes and shook their heads. A father, somewhere down the line, covered his son’s eyes, shooting me a disapproving frown. I tried to move, to walk, and only after about twenty feet did the girls let go of me. A security guard stood by the wall and smiled. At first, I thought he might arrest me for enticing lewd behaviour in public. Still, he found humour in the situation, winked, and nodded respectfully. I shrugged as if to say, “What can I do? I know it’s pain and suffering, but I am a man, and men don’t complain; just get on with it.”</p>

</body>
</html>
