<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 13 - City of Angels</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 13 - City of Angels</h2>
<p>The two little minxes co-opted the hotel to take them with the limo and bring them back. We sat in the back with one on each side, wrapping their scantly clad bodies against mine, with their arms entwined with mine. They chirped like nightingales wearing the shortest imaginable cutoff jeans bottoms and colourful bandana tops, only thin strings and a prayer holding all of it together. They looked more naked than if they wore nothing. The girls kept repeating over and over how they missed me and how glad they were to see me again, sticking their noses into my neck, taking long sniffs and complimenting my bespoke perfume. Lamin clearly told them everything, and they were hungry for the experience.</p>
<p>They pulled a fast one on me. As soon as we got into the hotel, I headed straight for the reception desk, but the girls approached me and handed me my key card. When they arrived, they protested that whoever made the booking made a terrible mistake. The manager apologised and kindly offered to merge two rooms into one, giving us their top suite with a large balcony and a bath fit for a president on a bender or a rockstar.</p>
<p>The girls didn’t say anything, and I didn’t ask. They gave me a message as subtle and direct as anyone could muster. The place had only one bed, a massive king-size in a plush bedroom with luxurious Italian wallpaper made out of cloth. It all blended in a fitted picture of mass-market opulence, together with two young blondes stretching on the bed, enjoying the experience.</p>
<p>I wondered if the two could be any less subtle than that. The girls were practically smacking me in the face with the fact I was going to get laid. My cock jumped a bit, thinking about my first threesome. Never before had I even imagined something like this, so it snuck up on me by surprise. The only person I knew who had done it was Dan, but I thought I was years from being able to pull that.</p>
<p>When I booked my flight, I had no clue what I would do for a week in LA, but I needed a holiday to take my mind off everything and do whatever. I didn’t need to worry about the plan. As soon as they found out, the two minxes came up with one.</p>
<p>“Don’t worry, leave everything to us. You won’t have to lift a finger. Just enjoy yourself.” I gave up and let them do what they wanted. It was too mentally taxing to argue with them. It was pointless, like trying to explain trigonometry to a toddler. They would look at me and smile, patiently waiting for me to finish my monologue before continuing exactly where they stopped, even if it was mid-sentence. The girls would hear what I told them and ignore every letter.</p>
<p>“I’m a little tired,” I said. “I didn’t sleep much on my trip. I need a shower.”</p>
<p>“Wait, Rylee said and ran out of the room.” Callie lay on her back in the middle of the bed and stretched like a cat before putting her head into my lap.</p>
<p>“Thank you for inviting us here.” She looked so cute, sweet and innocent, and I stroked her beautiful hair. In her eyes, I read everything she didn’t say to me. People are lovely creatures, so complex and so simple. We lived in a fast-paced world of enormous stress and pressure to prove ourselves. The girls’ flamboyant expression of life was also a mechanism they used to distract and deflect. As long as everything stays on the surface, you can pull back and claim it was a joke.</p>
<p>She closed her eyes, and her mouth opened, so I touched her lips with my finger and then stroked her face. Callie smiled and moved slightly to come closer to me, and I rubbed her more. I realised at that moment what my biggest strengths and the biggest problems were. I loved them all and cared for them. I didn’t want women for sex and then to abandon them.</p>
<p>I didn’t want to be married or commit to one woman again. I had been there, done that, wasted my life and got the bill in the end. I wanted to live out what little I had of life surrounded by people I loved and who loved me back. I didn’t want to possess anyone or someone to possess me. I was my own man, and I would never make a promise for better or worse. Whoever wanted me would have to take me as used goods, a broken toy if you will, accept my limitations and love me for who I was, not for what I could be. I knew I could change and become many things for many people, but I couldn’t ever be a husband anymore. That bridge was gone forever.</p>
<p>The sound of Rylee’s voice echoed, and I got up to see her. The bathroom felt luxurious and clean, cleverly done with fashionable white tiles, glass and silver. Close to the window was a massive self-standing ceramic bathtub, the type I wanted to buy for myself, but it was too big for my apartment. On the dresser, I saw a neat pile of jeans and underwear. That’s when I noticed Rylee, who looked so small in the large bath.</p>
<p>Only her head was out, the rest of her body hidden by bubbles and water. She waved to me with a smile.</p>
<p>“Come on. I’m going to give you a nice massage.” It seemed to me that whatever happened in the time we didn’t see each other, our relationship evolved to include a sexual component. I was careful not to do anything that would make me seem like I pursued that, happy to just have them as my friends. Perhaps it is true what they say that men and women could never be just friends. The girls and I were friends, but we weren’t really. I couldn’t imagine kissing my male friend or licking the same ice cream with him. So, the girls and I were some sort of friends, of a more intimate kind. I couldn’t see anything wrong with that as long as it never affected how we felt about each other.</p>
<p>The two girls watched me undress with interest. Perhaps I would have felt shy in some other life, but after the month I had, I just gave up and continued with the program. I learned so much about women directly from them, not second-hand. Women were no different to men. If you treated them openly and honestly, you’d get the same back. They say that men are from Mars and women are from Venus. I wondered if that was why the girls stared at my penis.</p>
<p>I caught Rylee red-handed, staring at my junk, as the Americans called it. She went slightly red in her face and shrugged.</p>
<p>“I like your cock,” she said, surprising me because it was the second time in my life that someone had told me that and just a few weeks apart.</p>
<p>“What’s so special about it?” I asked, curious because I wasn’t big, certainly not like in the porn films when a guy walks in with equipment that could easily satisfy a mare.</p>
<p>“I don’t know. I just think it’s nice.” Rylee took it in her hand and stroked it a little. I was as hard as a prisoner on the run, stumbling into a bathhouse. She just stroked me, testing the feel of it in her hand. “Come, try it,” she said, and Callie quickly undressed, splashing water all over the floor as she plonked into the bah like a stone. She giggled and grabbed my cock, and the girls passed it from one to another, exchanging impressions. Together they decided that I had a nice cock, not too big, not too small, nicely shaped with perfect firmness, like the rest of me was just an unfortunate appendage akin to an overgrown mole attached to the only thing they were interested in.</p>
<p>I had so many questions for Dan, finding it hard to believe it was so easy to meet women, and not just that, how they reacted to me, how willing they were to take it to the next level. There must have been a catch. I knew I wasn’t the best-looking guy, and the girls I dated could have all the male supermodels wrapped around their fingers. Why was it that they seemed to seek something more profound with me? I wasn’t complaining, far from it, but life taught me that if something seems too easy, there is a catch with it.</p>
<p>“Come here, lay your back on me,” Rylee said, and I gently leaned my back on her chest while she leaned hers on the side of the bath. Callie leaned on the other side, and our legs intertwined. A second later, I felt Rylee’s hand massage my neck and shoulders. She wrapped her legs around me, her feet touching my knees, and slowly rubbed my muscles.</p>
<p>I closed my eyes, enjoying Rylee’s gentle ministrations. Nobody ever massaged me like that. Of course, it wasn’t like a professional would, but I didn’t complain. It was loving and gentle, done with care. I almost fell asleep in her hands. My mind was blank. All my senses were focused on how Rylee made me feel; her fingers went through my hair, massaging my scalp, and then something changed, and I felt her lips on my neck. Rylee was kissing me like a lover does, gently, soft, without any urgency. She was doing it for her pleasure, not mine.</p>
<p>Callie must have felt slightly left out, so she turned around and leaned against mine. It was a threesome sandwich, with two girls and one guy in the middle. Callie moved her hair to the side so I could also kiss her neck. I adjusted myself, but she was smaller, so she lifted herself up and sat in my lap. That gave me access to her side, and I kept kissing and nibbling her neck.</p>
<p>At one point, Callie moved her head so that her ear landed in my mouth. Instantly, I remembered the opposite when Cassie licked mine and how it made me feel, so I mimicked, trying to remember everything Cassie did to me and replaying it over and over. It was working. Callie’s entire skin looked like a plucked chicken, and she was moaning quietly.</p>
<p>Building on top of that, I moved my arms around, cupped Callie’s tits in my palms and kneaded them, using my free fingers to roll her pierced nipples. I could hear her pant when I did that. She trembled from the arousal and the denial of release. At one point, Callie reached down between her legs to find my cock standing at attention, and she rubbed it up and down, torturing me back the same way I was torturing her.</p>
<p>We were competing about who could make who give up quicker. It was a tie that Callie decided to break by lifting her ass a little, and in one move, impaled herself on my meaty pole. She gasped, and we stayed locked like that. I reached around and rubbed her clit, while squeezing and kneading her tits with the other. I could see Callie was getting closer by the frequency of her breath. A squealing sound came out of her, like a forlorn puppy seeking his mother, and she grabbed the wrist of the hand on her tit and pulled it with force to her neck and made me squeeze it.</p>
<p>For some reason, it was turning Callie on, and I squeezed her harder until she started to choke. She could still breathe but without ease, and I increased the speed of my fingers on her clit. One more time, I bit her ear again, and that was too much for her. Callie arched her back and squealed, and for the first time in my life, I felt pussy contract so hard on my cock. It felt like someone had tied a rope around it, pulled both ends, released it, and done it again.</p>
<p>Callie came for about a minute and then collapsed with her back on my chest, breathing deeply. It took her about five minutes to get back to her senses, and she pushed her head back and kissed my cheek.</p>
<p>“I like your cock,” she said, still impaled, making no attempt to move. I closed my eyes again, and Rylee resumed her massage. She bit my ear and whispered, “You do me next.”</p>
<p>Why is it, I wondered, that women feel so open to discussing anything sexual. Every time I wanted to have sex with my wife, she made me feel like I had to seduce her over and again, starting with dinner with candles.</p>
<p>She really did a number on me, the sociopath, and I was a pussy that couldn’t stand up for myself. I noticed a pattern in my thinking, and that was to externalise anything that happened to me. I was raised to seek external validation from everyone to grow into a man who blamed everyone for his mistakes. My therapist was right when he said that I had an external locus of identity, affecting my sense of self-worth, deriving my self-esteem and sense of value from outside sources rather than from within me.</p>
<p>This was the slow poison that ate me from inside, making me feel like a public marionette anyone could play with. Dan was helping me to become a man and overcome the factors that made others judge me this way, but the further I went on this journey of self-discovery, the more I started to understand that true power comes from the sense of self.</p>
<p>What did Jack say? Detachment and Faith. I vividly remembered his story about the man fishing for a whale and a blonde little girl with two mothers, one of which was a cat. There was some lesson in that. I could almost grasp it, but the dream would disappear when I tried to reach it. What is detachment? Why did I need faith?</p>
<p>It felt so cosy and warm, and all three of us were nodding off a little, pruned like witches, so I made the girl stand, washed off the soap, and dried each other with soft, fresh towels before running into the bedroom and hiding under covers. It felt a little cold from the aircon, which kept a steady temperature. The girls were shivering and wrapped themselves around me and kissed me. Soon enough, we felt warm again, and in two shakes of lamb’s tale, dreams took me away.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>I woke up in the middle of the night and carefully extracted myself from two sleeping beauties. It got hot as we slept, so they kicked off the quilt, completely exposing them to my gaze. I sat for a minute on a chair, just looking at them. The two young, gorgeous women at the start of their lives. I loved them in my heart. I would be happy if this was all that my life would ever amount to. It was more than I could have ever wished for.</p>
<p>Quietly, I made my way out and sat on a balcony, not caring about my nakedness. If someone didn’t want to see me, they shouldn’t be looking my way. After all, three girls had already told me that I had a nice cock. I almost laughed imagining a dating profile. “What is your best feature?” It is what it is, just give me your number, and I’ll send you a dick pic. My ex always hated my sense of humour.</p>
<p>I slapped myself. I decided earlier to stop looking back and blaming others for my failures and missed opportunities. When it was time to do it, I didn’t say anything. It was pointless now to go back and regret it. The past is useless if you’re moving towards the future.</p>
<p>My mind drifted away to a dream I had. It was strange. I dreamt of a man and a woman alone in a house in the middle of nowhere. Of course, I knew where that came from. It was Jack. He gave me that book to read, the Montana one, and somehow, the story connected with me on a primal level. It spoke to me, worming its way into my dreams like a blend of reality and fantasy. Anything is possible when one dreams. I was tempted to return to my Kindle and reread the chapters from the start, but it would be better if I paced myself.</p>
<p>A light tap came to the door, and I partially opened it. Room service brought me some fresh coffee, and I thanked the man, leaving a ten-buck tip in his hand. It was the jet lag, but I didn’t mind. There was something special in the warm Californian air, even better than Florida. Something drew me to this place. It was subtle yet omnipresent.</p>
<p>I was thinking about life and where it led, worried I was indulging in something I could barely support, let alone afford. The expenses of the last few months jumped through the roof, making me worried I was going through a typical mid-life crisis, where a guy blows his house and savings on sports cars and floozies.</p>
<p>To assuage my consciousness, I sat in the office with an Excel spreadsheet, inputting all my income and expenses, including the projected earnings over the next twenty years. I realised that I could easily support my upper-class living with some clever planning. Then I did the reverse, and it came out that if I made ten grand a month, the lower end of any IT contractor there, I could just about afford everything, albeit without much savings, but indefinitely.</p>
<p>The only real difference would be that I would have to cut out The Chamber, and I was ready for that. Fifty-five grand would be too much, but as it stood now with my current salary, I wouldn’t have to cut out anything and still have a few thousand to put into my piggy bank. I was doing just fine. It was just my self-doubt rearing its ugly head again, and the best way to assuage irrational fears like that was with hard, cold facts.</p>
<p>I sat on the balcony, just thinking for a long while. This jet lag would be killing me, but it was just the first night. An urge came from somewhere to go out and walk around town, but I fought it, not wishing to leave the girls alone on our first night. So, I reached for my book reader and resumed Montana. It was hard to identify with the main character, but somehow, he didn’t seem that bad.</p>
<p>The story gripped me, and the sex scenes seemed brutally intense. I found myself aroused just imagining them. Surely I could never, I thought, then I wondered. Would that be me doing something only I wanted, or would it be common enjoyment? The next time I looked up, the sky seemed brighter. I packed up the e-reader and went back to bed.</p>
<p>Ever so gently, I squeezed between the girls and maybe woke them up a little. They turned around without opening their eyes and wrapped themselves around me. What was it that made these women seek so much contact and love? My ex hated to hug and cuddle. She even suggested we get separate beds. I caught myself thinking about the past again. That’s why I felt it wasn’t over. It took a lot of energy to forget all of that. She left her boot print all across my psyche. I had to peel off each of those memories individually and throw them into the garbage.</p>
<p>The morning was a little hard on the old head. The weird dreams continued, but I couldn’t remember them. Rylee and Callie were making so much noise on purpose, rattling through the wardrobe, opening and closing zippers.</p>
<p>“Please, let me sleep,” I begged, to no avail.</p>
<p>“Come on, sleepyhead. You’re missing the day.” Both girls were well rested, full of smiles, still naked, wrapped in fresh towels. I sat on the bed, watching them dig through the one carry-on suitcase containing their combined clothes. The clothes looked worn out and a little washed out. I didn’t expect much more from two poor students. It was a lesson in context. This was just a trip for me; for them, it was a holiday.</p>
<p>I figured out why the girls told me to leave everything to them. They wanted to experience the world and milk this chance for all it was worth before returning to everyday life. Since I met them, I realised the two little minxes were thirsty for life, and I decided in silence to stop playing the third wheel and start taking an active role. I could easily get another week off work, but I didn’t know if the girls could. To me, it meant nothing, but for them, it was a sacrifice. I suddenly figured out why they were so crazy about Instagram pictures. It wasn’t so they could brag and make their friends jealous. That was just a bonus. The girls wanted to live at least once until the uncertainty of adult life took control of them.</p>
<p>The girls giggled like crazy when I pulled them onto the bed and tickled them. They retaliated with pillows and kicked me out to take a shower. It took only fifteen minutes of cold water to get my body into fully functioning order. I had to fight the sleepiness today, which meant a gallon of coffee and then some.</p>
<p>As we walked down, I noticed the girls wore white shorts and T-shirts, looking almost sensible, trying to match my more casual attire. They had a great sense of style and learned how to stretch their little money when they were not hitchhiking or mooching dinners off their friends. I felt close to them and worried that our highly charged bathroom adventure affected how we felt about each other.</p>
<p>I had to shelve those thoughts for later, trying to teach the girls how to eat a buffet breakfast. They were hungry for everything, primarily for life. Each had a plate loaded to the brim. Some people saw it and nervously smiled; a few older ladies rolled their eyes. A middle-aged gentleman with two scantily dressed beauties, clearly not used to five-star places, insinuated it was exactly how it looked. My first instinct was to apologise and explain it wasn’t what it looked like, but then I caught myself and thought, “fuck them.” I paid enough for this hotel, and if I felt like it, I’d parade around in my bathrobe. I’ve been apologising for something all my life, and I was fed up with it.</p>
<p>A waitress came over and poured me a cup of coffee. I drank it all in one long gulp and asked for more, signalling with my hand to keep it coming. I wasn’t exaggerating my plan to jumpstart my cardiovascular system with a high dose of caffeine. The girls barely noticed, transfixed by two mountains of food on a plate each, trying to work out the physics problem of fitting something so large into a small stomach.</p>
<p>It wasn’t just the big eyes problem, but also a strategy. If they stuffed themselves now so much, chances were they wouldn’t be hungry till the following day, ultimately saving money in an expensive city and spending what little they had on what mattered more to them. I would be sad for them, but it was a natural process. Being a poor student teaches lessons about managing expenses. It is a part of the experience. I went through the same and hated it, which taught me not to spend irresponsibly until recent times, but I was in therapy.</p>
<p>After breakfast, the girls argued about what to see first, unable to make a choice. Neither wanted to admit that they felt too heavy to get up from the chair, and the only thing each wanted was to go back upstairs and fall into a food coma on the bed.</p>
<p>“I almost forgot. I’ve got some gifts for you,” I said, and the girls squealed. I gave them a perfect reason to go up and save face. They practically dragged me when I stalled, wanting another gallon of coffee, and the girls chirped all the way, trying to make me tell them what I bought for them. Finally, as we got back inside, they settled on the bed with big eyes and watched me open my second large suitcase. They looked like kids at Christmas, so I started with the teddy bears.</p>
<p>I could see a change on their faces as soon as I handed them over. Their eyes got softer and defocused for a moment, glistening before they hugged the bears and rolled with them on the bed, somewhere far away in their thoughts. It made me think about their home life. Both longed for something, some connection, perhaps even love. I loved them. Maybe that’s why they loved me back.</p>
<p>“Anyone ready for more?” The girls suddenly jumped and knelt on my sides as I sat on the bed. They watched me with big eyes as I took out a plastic bag and rummaged inside to pull out two identical anklets. They were made out of polished silver with gold accents and a heart-shaped gold pendant on the end. It was Christmas alright, and they rolled on the bed admiring their presents, comparing them, trying to decide which one was better, even though they were identical to the gram.</p>
<p>After affixing them and admiring how sexy their ankles looked, the girls turned on me and kissed me all over. I’ve never seen anyone as thankful as that. I was sleepy despite the coffee. The jet lag was killing me, but the girls were full of energy and didn’t want to waste a beautiful day like this. Later, I met Dan for lunch, and our session would likely last for the rest of the day. The girls knew that and wanted to go and explore, but they didn’t know where to start. I gave them my disposable Revolut card without a name printed on it.</p>
<p>“I want to take you to a fancy place tonight. Go, get yourself some fancy evening dresses.” I shared my plans with Dan, so we separated the sessions into two days. I had plenty of time and a big part to cover, especially as we won’t see each other for three months. He thought it would work out better as I was having a crisis of faith. There was a dissonance between my thoughts and actions, a gap growing wider. In Dan’s opinion, I needed time for the two to synergise. Focusing on specific assignments without piling on extra knowledge during a three-month break might do the trick.</p>
<p>The girls were still running around the room like headless chickens, blabbering about their lives. It was all incoherent, jumping from one topic to another. Today, they call it ADD, attention deficit disorder, and they have a pill to treat it. To me, it was just a typical expression of happiness for extroverts. Life is enough of a pill for happiness.</p>
<p>Finally, the two jumped on me, squeezing me tight. I opened my eyes and saw both girls were in tears. It reminded me of Cassie a little, some sort of threshold inside them that I unwittingly pushed them over, but more stable, more able to keep themselves balanced, adding another question to a long list of questions for Dan.</p>
<p>Eventually, the two peeled off me after assaulting me with a barrage of kisses. They went on a hunt for a perfect outfit while I closed my eyes and went into la la land, counting my sheep like a carefree villager.</p>

</body>
</html>
