<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 14 - Butterfly</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 14 - Butterfly</h2>
<p>The lunch was spectacular. Dan and I had tomahawk steaks with grilled vegetables and peppercorn sauce before retreating to a more intimate venue. We had the entire bar to ourselves. Only a few customers frequented it during the day. I could tell just by observing the sleepy bartender, probably contemplating the meaning of life, sitting there, waiting to be interrupted to bring a drink or two before drifting back to his semi-conscious slumber.</p>
<p>On the balance of things, the place was exquisite, not just the bar, with its clean, modern lines in an opulent, airy design, espousing decadence mixed with brilliance. It had the push-pull of hot wood and cold mirrors, warm iridescent lights, and cold polished metal to emphasise plush modern sofa chairs of exquisite design—a mixture of new and old, Italian fashion, and Feng Shui. A five-star experience in five-star places for five-star customers living five-star lives.</p>
<p>I understand it now. It was another bubble in the world with all the so-called ordinary people living the so-called everyday lives passing by and snorting derisively at the expense, feeling disgusted at the waste of cash. One could live a month on what the elite burned here in a day. It was a travesty, an outrage in the eyes of those between the bubbles, the common folk, the working kind, the decent, hardworking man or woman. I understood it now, and it had nothing to do with money but mindset. It was the result of the education system. I was willing to bet the kings and princes didn’t watch Teletubbies as children or go to the same schools as the rest of the plebs, being taught the same set of moral values. Imagine a world where people are awakened, not woke, and they see it for what it really is through all the bullshit and smugness.</p>
<p>“I have one burning question for you, Dan.” I was dying to understand why it happened to me so fast. Why did his teachings work almost instantly? One day, I was a loser, and the next day, people wanted to hang out with me. It just didn’t make sense. He thought about it briefly, then smiled in his patented cat-ate-canary way.</p>
<p>“It is a complex question with a layered answer. You are the kind of guy that never approaches women, but also the kind of guy women don’t have access to either.” He went on to explain that apart from my tenuous upbringing and the resulting self-loathing, I developed qualities not common to ordinary people: stability, intelligence, and a strong sense of ethics. Even the way I spoke carried a level of superiority. I used upper English, not the more common colloquial variant, because I was expected to converse with a professional crowd.</p>
<p>I had no problems standing up before a group of engineers with a red marker pen and explaining how things worked. When I heard a stupid question, I’d stare them down, call them idiots, and send them to do their homework. I didn’t have a problem with confidence at work, just self-confidence. My perception of self was skewed. Dan likened it to body dysmorphic disorder. That tracked. Dan wasn’t a psychologist, but it was a perfect way to describe what a psychologist had told me—I had an external locus of identity.</p>
<p>“You are happy to attend an IT congress and talk to your peers. It is a common situation. Guys like you don’t approach women. It just doesn’t happen naturally.” It suddenly clicked. All those weeks observing the guys in the bars, the most prominent being the muscled gorillas amid the mist of their own farts clutching their beer bottles close to their chests for liquid courage infusion and protection before they approached. Then, “Hugga, chugga, bam-bam bam here. Chad thinks the woman has pretty hair. Chad buy drink, woman go home, has good sex. Chad happy.” They were all extroverts. I hadn’t seen a single introvert approach women for all this time. It clicked.</p>
<p>“Women don’t normally have access to guys like you, and when projected the correct way, it flips a lot of switches for them because you don’t have to pretend that you are well-educated, eloquent, well-read with decent values. It is already a part of who you are.” It explained so much at once. When I first approached Rylee and Callie on the beach, I was half-naked from my swim, which worked out as a benefit in my case; less was more, and the girls focused on my hotel towel, an expensive five-star down the road. It was the ticket. Then, they talked to me, and everything happened. Once I crossed the first barrier, it didn’t matter.</p>
<p>Dan taught me a great lesson that had two sides. He taught a set of skills to present your attributes in the most attractive way, like putting makeup on an already pretty face. He also did it in such a way that it affected personal inner change, like putting on a suit. At first, it might be uncomfortable and incongruent, so the suit wears the man for a while. But after some time, you grow into it; your personality expands to become the person wearing that suit, at which point your entire presentation is accurate. It made me understand the power of what he taught, which was what Jack talked about. He wasn’t teaching a set of tricks and gimmicks that would charm or fool women into a sexual relationship. Dan taught a set of principles leading to more profound personal change, a way to grow from a boy into a man, to look like a man, to feel like a man, to act like a man. You will be a man once all those come together and become part of your personality. Dan came to Los Angeles this time to spend two days teaching me how to talk like a man.</p>
<p>He ordered another round and waited for my mind to process the fullness of what he had explained. I had to sort it out logically, compartmentalise it, break it into its constituent pieces, and analyse it. It was simpler to understand if I imagined a set of desirable qualities as a row of light switches. Women like someone clean and nice-smelling, thanks Lexi. You click on the switch, and the light goes on. They want a man who pays attention, respects himself, grooms, and wears nice, fitted clothes. Click, and the light goes brighter. A woman likes someone who is well-mannered, well-spoken, and educated. Click, brighter yet. A man who is stable and responsible. Another click, click, click until the room looks like Bethlehem, and the three kings are standing with gifts in their hands.</p>
<p>I was so focused on all the flaws I might have that I forgot all the good character traits. I never knew how to present them in a light that people would find attractive and approachable. It explained so much. Finally, I understood how my wife seduced me. She knew who I was, what I did, and how much I got paid.</p>
<p>In comparison, she was earning a pittance. I made more money in a day than she did in a month, and she never had access to a guy like me. It wasn’t just the money but all those other things, and she was smart enough to understand and shrewd enough to devise a plan. So, when an opportunity presented itself, she pounced and got what she wanted, then stopped.</p>
<p>Soon enough, Tina figured out that she liked strong, loud, dominant men who took what they wanted and made her feel wanted. Instead, I was raised by a single mother who taught me to always value and respect women, put them on a pedestal, give in to them even when they are dead wrong, always apologise, be a good listener, be understanding, always ready to help them, take off their coat in public, hold the doors open, stand up in public transport to offer them your seat, always be polite and considerate of their unique beauty and feminine emotional frailness, and never ever raise a hand to them, not even when they slap you in anger. Let them be who they are, express themselves the way they want, call you what they wish, and blame you for everything, real or imagined. “Then, my son, you will be a true gentleman.”</p>
<p>Perhaps she was right, but she forgot one lesson. The true gentlemen don’t get laid; it is the abusive asshole boyfriend who does because he calls her a whore when he slaps her ass, fucks her asshole, and pulls her hair in her marital bed, no less. He even spits in her face, and she licks it off like it is the nectar of love. Then, at that very moment, they see me standing at the door with a bouquet of flowers, coming in early from work that day to celebrate St. Valentine’s Day with the one I loved.</p>
<p>Tina liked who I was but not how I acted. I couldn’t attract any woman because I couldn’t approach them, feeling too scared. They didn’t have access to me because of limited exposure. Engineering is mostly a male-only enterprise, like a prison with gang members that have been castrated and served oestrogen with their water. I worked and went home. Apart from causing an accident on the road, where would I even meet women? Even if I did, I didn’t know how to present myself. I was literally emphasising the worst parts of my character, like stinginess instead of generosity. My favourite T-shirt was eleven years old, but still well-stitched without holes. What does that tell someone? “Come live with me like hamsters.“</p>
<p>I would only go out to dinner on special occasions. I haven’t cooked for a day since I met Dan, only choosing the best restaurants I could find. I could afford it, but I preferred to eat cheaply. It was those few negative traits I had that bubbled up to the surface, and the combination of my pathological shyness with the lack of opportunity, built on top of a foundation made of poor choices, that caused my life to turn this way. It took just the slightest shift to the side to open a world I never knew existed. I was a hungry infant now, desperate to learn more, have another taste, and see what’s around the corner.</p>
<p>Even at my age, which was one of the biggest problems in my thinking, it proved to be a benefit instead of a detriment. On average, I was almost twice the girls‘ age, and I thought it would be creepy for them to see their father in me. I failed to realise that Western society is irreversibly flawed today. One might immediately assume something is wrong with children if they were raised in a loving family with both a mother and father. The norm today, as promoted by the government, is for women to have children as late as possible, then raise the children on their own while holding two jobs, palming them off to professionals who’ll medicate them with mood stabilisers while the mother balances anxiety pills and antidepressants. Then, she can hand over the entire upbringing to the teachers who tell the boys they should apologise to women who suffered historical injustice at the hands of the “tyrannical masculine,“ teaching them that they too could become women. All they need to do is to take the pills and undergo surgery, only to face profound regret as they age.</p>
<p>Children raised without a strong masculine role model grow up unbalanced, regardless of whether they are boys or girls. The two chirpy social media enthusiasts both grew up without a father. They couldn’t see their father in me even if they wanted to, but they could see a father figure—someone completely different, someone who made them feel safe and cared for, trusted and appreciated, no matter what. They saw in their father figure someone they could rely on, someone who would hold them in his arms, stroke their hair, and assure them that everything would be okay.</p>
<p>They grew up without anyone like this in their lives. Of course, it was a massive switch for women like that. The brainwashed woke troglodytes screamed through the ass on their faces, “That’s predatory behaviour.” No, it is not. You stop producing them, and they’ll stop asking for that. The ass-faces didn’t realise that the more they spoke through their hole, the more it sounded like farts. Nobody listened anymore and moved away as the stench was unbearable.</p>
<p>It was a fact. Whenever I would receive a CV to review and see the pronouns by the name, I threw it into the garbage. Was this illegal discrimination? You bet your ass it was, but that person failed even before I read the first line. Team cohesion was essential for performance, and I was running a tight team of engineers focused on delivering value. I was not interested in hiring a sermon guy who would run to HR on Tuesdays in tears and be confused about which toilet to use. Then I would get called in and berated for not sorting it out myself until I showed everyone the finger.</p>
<p>If middle management had a quiet policy for not hiring women, I could have one of my own for not hiring potential problems. The raving words of the mindless woke didn’t appeal to me. I was too busy dealing with real issues. They could get jobs at Twitter for all I cared. I didn’t care about how they felt about themselves in private, but it was a risk and a potential looming problem I didn’t want to take. I would find a hole in anyone’s resume that would plausibly cover my ass in case anyone asked.</p>
<p>This is precisely what the business did with the secretaries and other female employees. They enacted a quiet policy that no man could sit in a meeting room behind closed doors. When the girls complained about it, the company had a complete overhaul. Each meeting room gained video conferencing capabilities, but what the girls didn’t know was that all the meetings were secretly recorded. I was the chief engineer on that hush-hush project. Why? We had several instances of women claiming their male counterparts made inappropriate sexual advances, sued the company, and got paid. The insurance premiums went up, plus all the other stuff related to various internal tribunals. It cost them a bomb, but they sorted it out. Quietly, management reshuffled the workforce until they effectively segregated men and women across department lines. We even had internal rulebooks and a support network, all done with external consultants‘ help to stave off a string of frivolous lawsuits.</p>
<p>Corporate secrets and corporate politics. I stayed as far away from this as possible. That’s why I was so confident nobody would come after me. If I did otherwise and something happened, I would be caught in the rain of shit sprayed by an industrial-style gas-powered area heater akin to a jet engine propelling the fine particles across my entire department with me in the middle. I saw it happen, and it was precisely as gruesome as that.</p>
<p>The drinks arrived, and Dan nodded to me, slightly adapting the strategy in light of my questions.</p>
<p>“See, Jim, let me explain. Imagine a triangle split into layers, each resting on the one below it.” The top ones were looks, money, and status, the most obvious ones. It’s enough to look at a picture and make an assumption about the person and his life. Dan called this the pyramid of attraction, even though technically it was a triangle. I was always anal-retentive about details. Call it a side effect of professional life. The top of the pyramid was also the shallowest one, like a poster or sales letter, a picture on top of a canned product promising what is inside.</p>
<p>The next layer was validation, where you emotionally spar with one another. “Oh my god, you have a cat? So cute, I love cats,” then you tell a story where the participant would feel validated and emotionally satisfied. Talking to you would give them pleasure. There were all sorts of conversational styles and gambits to make this part seem effortless.</p>
<p>This is where Jack told me that all those relationship advice companies had failed. They developed such an attractive performance based purely on the emotional manipulation of women. They even used to teach their students, “Don’t try to change her mind. Change how she feels.” If she doesn’t want to have sex with you, make her giggle, make her feel sexy, buy her another cocktail, and then pounce on her like a tiger. It was the most vile, disingenuous strategy for subverting personal agency.</p>
<p>Many small companies used similar techniques, sending two burly men to the houses of frail elderly women, convincing them that they needed to buy double-glazed windows at a premium price. They even made TV programs with presenters finding and shaming the men that did that, but Granny still had to fork out the cash. “Let’s find a vulnerable person with an existential problem and make money on that, pretending we bring help.”</p>
<p>The same attitude kicked those dating coaches out of business and got them labelled as misogynists on top of being assholes. They taught men how to manipulate, got them ready for action, and farmed them out to unsuspecting club patrons. The VH1 even made a cringe reality show series on how they did that.</p>
<p>What was the problem? They missed the rest of Dan’s lectures because they couldn’t package it and sell it at scale as it required a deep understanding of the individual problem. Soon enough, it all fell apart, as the clowns going through clubs like locusts would make women laugh. Then they tried to kiss them, and she went, “Wait, what? What happened here?” It was creepy as hell. The guy was just making her laugh, showing her magic tricks, and then suddenly, bam, his tongue was in her mouth. They had a geeky, sales-inspired term for it—the “last-minute resistance.” The trained sociopaths didn’t care. They even referred to women as “targets” to further objectify and dehumanise them, like when gangsters called people “rats” before they killed them. They weren’t killing humans; they were exterminating vermin. This was what those so-called dating experts were teaching to the hordes of latent serial killers.</p>
<p>If by any chance it went further and they ended up in bed, the girl suddenly finds herself wondering, who is that guy? Why is his dick inside me? What is his name anyway? That is called buyer’s remorse, and if by any chance it turned into some sort of a relationship, it never lasted long because the girl would soon figure out the guy was a creep and potentially a maniac. They turned him into a robot dressed like a clown who mindlessly repeated beep beep boop baap until his repertoire ran out, but the guys bought it. Desperate people would buy anything for the moment of bliss. I should know that. I was ready to sell my soul for another moment with Lexi when I felt like a man, but lady luck smiled at me, and I met Jack and Dan, whose advice saved my life.</p>
<p>“The secret is the energy,” Dan said and smiled. That was the next level of his pyramid on which validation rested. It was this unknowable essence that could only be observed and copied. That was exactly what the girls wanted—the masculine energy of a strong man, a role model.</p>
<p>“I could talk about it forever, and it wouldn’t make sense.” Just a few hours of sitting down with Dan allowed me to absorb some of his essence, or attitude, if you will. Multiple scientific experiments have been conducted proving that the mind absorbs more than the consciousness. Some subtle, almost imperceptible clues pass the critical filter and go straight into your subconscious.</p>
<p>It clicked! That’s why Jack told me to read Montana if I wanted to learn how to be a man. Still, he cautioned me to concentrate, use emotions, and create vivid images. The stories go straight into our minds, like music. Then our subconscious processes them, internalises them, and rewrites bad software with better ones, hence the dreams I had. I concentrated too much, trying to read between the lines—the pain, the struggle, loss and love, the ultimate sacrifice. I never had a strong masculine model in my life, and I couldn’t learn from a list of traits, but I could feel that in Dan and experience it through stories. After all, there was a way, but it was a secret.</p>
<p>Dan spoke about the energy, the inner self, and how to match it and project it. He was a powerful influence, and I let my mind process his words while absorbing his essence. It made so much sense. This is why so many times, when I was lost during the approach, I imagined what Dan would do, how he would stand, talk, or look. It helped me align my feelings and presence to deliver a more compelling impression of myself. I wasn’t talking; I was communicating.</p>
<p>A new round of drinks arrived, and Dan gave me time to process and compartmentalise. It was just how my mind worked. I needed to understand. It had to make logical sense, or I would organically filter it out as garbage. So, I massaged in the new knowledge and experience until I knew what energy was and how to affect it. It wasn’t just how I spoke, stood, and carried myself; it was everything, whether awake or asleep. It was permanent; it was the unspoken side of the attitude.</p>
<p>This is where Dan launched into the last section of the triangle, the one propping up all the above: the core of what made someone attractive. It was the personality.</p>
<p>“We are going to delve deep today into developing it,” he said, and I shrugged, wondering if that could even be possible, let alone doable. It was a complex topic, a mishmash of elements making the person who he is and why he is a man—a set of beliefs, personal rules, and principles, one’s character broken down into segments, the unconscious part of who we are that just happens. Some people snicker, others giggle, some openly laugh. How often do you sit down and wonder why? What causes that? What happens inside that manifests in this way? Why not another way?</p>
<p>It was a deep dive into the centre of a deep black hole where the self is examined and brought to the surface. Do you enunciate when you speak? Do you swallow your vowels? Do you roll your ares? It’s not just the dialect you adopted over time. Something made you talk about this way; deep down inside, something happened, and you built a preference for yellow or red. All of it was connected, embedded, and programmed.</p>
<p>“This is why you shouldn’t watch porn,“ Dan said. It normalises abstinence and causes insecurities. I could attest to that; I had already thrown all that out. I figured after the divorce that I was getting addicted, which led me to end up neutered.</p>
<p>“You know,“ Dan said and chuckled. “I have this friend with a theory about porn that I like.“ The man he spoke of believed that a man should set aside at least an hour each day to watch porn with the most beautiful women, but you would be forbidden to touch yourself or masturbate. The only way you would be allowed to get sexual release was with a woman as beautiful as this, no matter if you met her in a bar or paid for it. It weans you off the porn and brings you on the right track. This was the only acceptable use of porn.</p>
<p>I wanted to laugh, but I saw the truth in it. I would be a ticking time bomb, unable to concentrate. My work productivity would vanish, and I would get fired. It would destroy my entire life unless I found a release. It would be torture so bad that it would motivate me to go out and try to fight and win because, after a few weeks, losing wouldn’t be an option, and how I did it wouldn’t matter anymore. Do it for long enough, and your brain reprograms to be attracted to real women of a certain calibre.</p>
<p>“How is this even possible? What does it mean, a beautiful woman? Isn’t it always personal?”</p>
<p>“It is not. Entire industries were built around the concept of beauty. There are formulas that define beauty, which have been studied for thousands of years through arts and fashion. It allowed the great sculptors to create timeless pieces.” Dan went on to explain how art and fashion have their rules and what is considered beautiful and proportional and what isn’t. Beauty is not a matter of opinion but an objective measure when designing shoes and clothes of certain dimensions and sizes.</p>
<p>A person’s personal preference might lean the other way. He might prefer certain facial features because they remind him of a girl he used to love, or maybe he liked a particular body shape, decorations like tattoos, breast implants, heavier women, specific hair colours, and different styles. That is personal and valuable.</p>
<p>Conflating that value with beauty is counterproductive. There is an evolving sense of what it means to be beautiful based on the consensus of the experts. Having a quirky little goth in a cat costume with millions of followers on Instagram doesn’t mean she is gorgeous. She is attractive to her followers, and they find her valuable, which in no way diminishes her as a human, just not beautiful in a classical sense, genetics, proportions, health, and so on.</p>
<p>“A person can be beautiful for the balance of all the attributes, even if that person is not physically attractive. But when discussing beauty as strictly a visual quality—that can be measured.” It gave me something to think about, and it would explain why when people objectify each other, they assign vastly different scores to one another. Smiling people score more than the frowning ones. They used a personal scoring method over the objective one, so someone might be a five if it’s raining and you’re not in a mood. Then the sun comes out, she smiles, and she becomes a ten.</p>
<p>“This is what I like to call the M scoring technique,” Dan explained. He referred to his friend’s method based on a statistical model. If you stood in a room of a hundred people dressed the same, you’d call it a five. The person who stands out in beauty above the others is a six. You take that person and fill the room with a hundred like her, and the one that stands out is a seven, and so on. I saw Dan laugh as he told the story. Clearly, he found his friend amusing.</p>
<p>I did some quick math in my head: “This means there would only be a few thousand nines in the world and only a handful of tens. On the other side, only a handful of ones.“ This was exactly Dan’s friend’s point. If you wanted to have a proper end-to-end scale, it had to adhere to at least some pseudo-scientific methods; otherwise, the whole construct would be meaningless.</p>
<p>“I only date tens,” I heard one of the gorillas say in a bar. It turned out the girl he was with was pretty average for the place. “But she is a ten in my eyes because she has,” whatever. The guys would argue about whose perception of beauty is more accurate. They ended up pushing each other like cretins, and the bouncers threw them out.</p>
<p>I could see the M scoring technique’s wisdom because I could visualise the scale. I could walk into any bookstore and pick up an art book the painters use, read it to learn body geometry, then go through the internet and pull down pictures, sorting them into numbered folders to figure out the ratios, mantissa, and scale. Then, I’d run probabilistic equations adjusting for the planet’s current population, taking into account only the intersecting segments. Voila, I had my scoring system.</p>
<p>It would have nothing to do with my love for all the women, but it could be a tool to measure my interaction and fear response to them. I was scared of Rylee and Callie when I met them, but I was petrified and frozen when I met Cassie. Without doing the maths, and if I had to guess, I’d say that Rylee and Callie were sixes or sevens on the M scale, while Cassie was an eight. There was a clear difference in my flight response between the two categories of women, regardless of how nice or loving they were inside. I loved them both for who they were inside, and that was what mattered, but my lizard brain’s primal response was vastly different.</p>
<p>There was a study some years ago. I remembered reading it. The study was performed by a reputable accredited university that studied the effect of female beauty on a man. They took a group of men, measured their testosterone levels, then locked them in a room with a gorgeous model for an hour and took their blood again.</p>
<p>What they found out was that after an hour with a model, the testosterone levels were significantly elevated compared to the baseline. Inversely, they were lowered when locked with an unattractive woman. This was conclusive proof of a distinct physiological response related to female physical appearance in men. Would it be such a stretch to postulate that with the increase in female beauty, the level of adrenaline would also increase proportionally to some relative factor when faced with the task of approaching a stranger with the intent of forming a sexual relationship?</p>
<p>I liked Dan’s friend’s porn game as well. There was some science to it. Condition your brain to subconsciously recognise particular female aesthetics that are above average, and then do all you can to be around them. The closer you get to the vaunted perfection, the higher the testosterone response and the bigger the chance of feeling energised.</p>
<p>This was precisely what happened with Lexi. She broke me. She was at least a seven or eight on the M-scale, and I was petrified. Then she took me, broke me, and for a split second, I discovered myself. I got a glimpse of who I could have been if adequately nurtured by a man, and that’s where I cracked. Everything started going haywire, and with each step I took, the chasm grew bigger until I met Cassie, and she shattered me into pieces. What was emerging from inside scared me, but it excited me, and I wanted more.</p>
<p>When I was a kid, I remember watching the intense struggle the caterpillar goes through, fighting the cocoon. I remember rooting for it to come out and seeing it several times give up, then trying again and failing, then trying. This became the metaphor of my life. I was that caterpillar now, struggling to emerge into the light, but I wanted to be a butterfly.</p>

</body>
</html>
