<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 15 - Superstar</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 15 - Superstar</h2>
<p>It was almost eight in the evening, and the girls were uncharacteristically quiet. For the last six hours I spent with Dan, a little light flashed on my phone every few seconds as another notification came. I kept it on the coffee table on silent. Still, one couldn’t avoid noticing the pesky little thing beckoning, asking for attention. “Touch me, use me, let me entertain you,” like a tiny Robbie Williams dressed as Gene Simmons from Kiss, dancing like Freddie, like a queen trapped in a box, knocking on the window, wanting to get out.</p>
<p>When it was finally the end of our day, my brain was blown out as always. Dan was a machine, like Bert Kreischer on a bender, going non-stop without fail. He was telling me about masculine energy, demonstrating at the same time his endurance and personal power like some sort of god, or Conan the Barbarian wielding his sword and screaming with an Austrian accent.</p>
<p>I was glad to lie down in the room for a bit and try to process the vast treasure trove of information Dan hit me with, like Aladdin saying, “Open sesame,” and there it was: the treasure, hiding in a cave, all mine for the taking as much as I could carry like in a story of Munchausen. Dan was blasting it all out like a Gatling machine gun, and I was Katsumoto catching bullets, looking like Emmental cheese, spitting blood, refusing to die, feeling like a butterfly amongst falling cherry blossoms and leaves. It was overwhelming.</p>
<p>No more than ten minutes after I closed my eyes and started my breathing exercise, I heard a click and the sound of the doors opening, the rustling of paper, light feet tapping, a whisper, and the doors closed. Something strange was happening. I looked up and saw the two girls staring at me with guilty eyes. As soon as my lips parted, they ran up to me, knelt on the floor next to the bed, and burst into tears.</p>
<p>“I’m sorry, I’m sorry,” they begged for forgiveness, and when I pulled their hands, they hugged me and cried. This wasn’t a play; the girls were genuinely distressed, feeling guilty about something terrible. I wondered what happened. I nudged them to speak, but they couldn’t bring themselves to and just sobbed louder.</p>
<p>Finally, I told Rylee to tell me while Callie continued crying. Through tears and sobs, she told me how they went everywhere, explored all the shops they could find in LA, and found everything too expensive. At one point, in a fashion store that sold a wide range of clothes, the salespeople trapped them in a loop and pushed and pushed until they bought two identical black dresses and matching high-heeled shoes.</p>
<p>The salespeople made them feel so great and positive. Rylee and Callie had never had such a shopping experience. They first went to Rodeo Drive, enacting a scene from Pretty Woman, and somehow got caught in the moment and got played. Only after their credit card went through and the sales staff escorted them out did they realise they had burned well over three grand at once.</p>
<p>They took public transport and walked to the hotel, ashamed of abusing my trust and spending so much. It was an amount of money they couldn’t imagine spending, and they were convinced that I would be mad, throw them out, and send them home.</p>
<p>“We can return it tomorrow,” Rylee offered before bursting into tears again and begging my forgiveness. They only endeared themselves to me more than ever. From the first moment I met them, I wondered if they were interested in me just for my money. Jealous people always make such comments when seeing an older guy with a beautiful young woman. “He must be rich. She’s a gold digger. They’re together only because of his money.” I never believed that, but some lingering doubt buried inside me persisted. I would happily pay double what they spent to dispel those negative voices.</p>
<p>“Do you like the dresses?”</p>
<p>“We dooo,” they replied before they burst into tears again. It would’ve been comical if it weren’t so sad. Just as my dark thoughts intruded into my life, they might’ve had similar thoughts about what I’d think of them. Trust is earned over time. I chose to trust the girls long ago, and now that trust was being rewarded.</p>
<p>“Come on, show me. I want to see those fancy dresses.” I lightly slapped their butts and sent them off. They returned in five minutes looking like princesses from movies. Thus, two little moths transformed into butterflies. The dresses completely changed them. Two bubbly beach bunnies became angels in shiny black strapless gowns with draped satin detail. The material caught the light like movie stars on a red carpet. I wasn’t looking at mere students anymore but fully grown women, and they were stunning.</p>
<p>My gaze slid down their sinuous shapes to notice matching black ankle-strap sandals, which were simple and understated, letting the dress command all the attention. The entire ensemble appeared far more luxurious than the amount the girls had spent. I twirled my fingers, prompting them to spin around. The backs of their dresses showcased red satin detail, reminiscent of a surprise or a red velvet curtain drawing the eyes. I had to swallow just to catch my next breath. The jovial atmosphere was gone. The girls looked so classy and refined, almost ethereal. They turned their gaze to me, expecting that I’d berate them for such a monumental mistake any second.</p>
<p>“We can return them tomorrow, I promise,” Rylee said, holding back tears as her chin trembled. I smiled at them, dropping my stern facade.</p>
<p>“You look gorgeous, stunning. I want to make love to you” The girls burst into tears and rushed towards the bed.</p>
<p>“No, no, stop! Wait! Not in those dresses.” They were naked in a second, kissing me all over.</p>
<p>“We were so scared you would be angry for spending all this money. We’re so sorry. We got carried away. We didn’t know.” I had to kiss Rylee to shut her up. For the first time since we met, I told them that I wanted them. So far, all the intimacy was initiated by them. I never so much as lifted a finger or hinted toward sex. When they heard I wanted to make love to them, everything changed. It took our relationship to a different place.</p>
<p>They never had any expectations about long-term relationships or any desire to pull me in and keep me for themselves. The girls knew exactly what I thought about such matters and understood my perspective and approach to the women in my life. I wanted a new family, not on paper but built out of love without setting strict rules or making demands. I just loved being around them and sharing my emotions. Somehow, this worked for them, and they reciprocated.</p>
<p>“It was so much money,” Rylee began again, feeling ashamed and guilty about what they did.</p>
<p>“No, it wasn’t. Let me show you something. Give me that thing.” She ran out and brought the bag with all the paperwork in it. I had a sneaking suspicion I knew what had happened. The girls watched wide-eyed as I browsed the internet, finding a shop and the two items they had bought.</p>
<p>“See this dress? Do you know this brand?” The girls shook their heads. It was Italian, and they never had enough money to worry about fashion. “The dress you bought is by Ferragamo. Look here at Neiman Marcus. It retails for four thousand. The shoes you bought are Jimmy Choo, and they go for twelve hundred a pair.” They saw the exact product they had purchased being sold by high-street retailers. It confused them.</p>
<p>“Somehow, you found an outlet store that dealt with overstock and damaged goods. If you look carefully, there might be a minor issue with the stitching or a minuscule manufacturing error.” The girls looked at me as if I had just landed in a spaceship and spoke a different language. They still didn’t understand what I was trying to tell them, given my tendency to delve into details.</p>
<p>“You just bought over ten thousand dollars worth of clothes by paying only a third of the price.” It finally clicked, and the girls squealed, hugging me so tightly it almost felt like my liver would burst.</p>
<p>“I am so proud of you both,” I told them, kissing each other. That’s when they burst into tears again.</p>
<p>“Nobody was ever proud of me,” Callie finally said, then wailed like a siren. It went on for at least ten minutes. I let them cry out their stress. There was no way they could have caused any real damage anyway. The card I had given only had five grand on it.</p>
<p>“I was planning to take you to a fancy dinner, but you can stay home and cry if you’d prefer.” That settled it. It took them twenty minutes to wash up, do their makeup, and dress like princesses. While they were getting ready, I called the concierge to book us a table.</p>
<p>The girls looked at me strangely as I led them in a different direction, straight into the hairdressers downstairs, where everyone was ready and waiting. It took only a short time to style their hair before the hotel limo arrived, and we were on our way. All their fear was gone, all their guilt, and the two were like little maniacs, snapping a thousand pictures inside the limo and sliding into my lap by the time we arrived.</p>
<p>When I said a fancy restaurant, it was an understatement. I asked my friends at the Vertu concierge to get me a table at a place where movie stars frequent. It was the girls’ dream, so I thought I would give them a taste of the limelight, motivate them, keep them moving forward, and show them what was possible if they worked hard and applied themselves.</p>
<p>I noticed people watching us as the waiter took us to our table. It was an exquisitely decorated place, warm, cosy, and relatively expensive, not much different than any top restaurant in London. Still, this one was known to be frequented by the Hollywood elite. The girls were on cloud nine. I couldn’t recall if I’d ever seen anyone this elated in my life. I don’t know why, but it just made me happy to make others around me feel joy. If I were a rich man, I’d spend the rest of my life spoiling all the people I loved with anything that would make them smile. I would stuff their rooms with teddy bears, buy them all the beautiful dresses in the world, and take them travelling to magnificent places, ensuring the only tears they ever shed were of joy and happiness.</p>
<p>As luck would have it, just as we were finishing our starters, Callie pointed to the corner table, and Rylee bit her finger. They were squealing quietly and panting like dogs. It turned out they recognised one of the men as an A-list celebrity. I wasn’t much into watching banalities, so the Hollywood who’s who meant little to me.</p>
<p>The girls kept pestering me with a crazy scheme they concocted, wherein one of them would pass by and faint, ensuring the guys would have to help her. That way, they could get their attention and maybe a selfie. It made me laugh. I had almost forgotten they were only nineteen and twenty-one.</p>
<p>I waved the waiter over and asked for a wine list. After flipping through it from beginning to end, I beckoned the man closer. I inquired, “What are the gentlemen at that table drinking?”</p>
<p>“Batard Montrachet Ramonet, ninety-nine.” A good year; it was almost two and a half grand a bottle.</p>
<p>“Would you please get them another one on my behalf?” The waiter nodded, and five minutes later, I saw him bring them a bottle and point in my direction.</p>
<p>The eldest one of them nodded with a smile. I could see on his face that he liked his wine. I then did what I had practised all this time—good posture, good presentation, projecting what I had learned with a smile- and walked up to them. I introduced myself, shook all four hands, smiled, gave a firm grip, and maintained eye contact. I could see that I did everything right. Hundreds of repeat approaches like that would help you hone your craft.</p>
<p>“I am really sorry, gentlemen. I am from the UK, and I must admit, I don’t know who you are. However, my two girlfriends over there, Rylee and Callie, are head over heels in love with you all. Could I trouble you for a moment of your time to make a lifelong wish of two dreamers come true today?” They were a friendly bunch, and the girls ran over. Everyone laughed and smiled, even dragging me into the picture. In less than ten minutes, more than a hundred photos were taken. I thanked the group and practically dragged the girls away, hearing in hushed tones before I left earshot, “Who is that guy?” I must admit, I was curious. I knew I had executed my approach perfectly.</p>
<p>The food arrived, and we had a good time, even sharing a few sips with Callie, who couldn’t wait until she was twenty-one to spend a night drinking and the next day vomiting, just to celebrate something that would be perfectly legal in Europe.</p>
<p>I was too focused on the great food and the two charming ladies who drew sidelong glances from just about everyone. Given the way they looked at me or constantly reached for my hand to touch it and rub it a little, it was obvious to everyone that the two weren’t my family members. They were glowing. This was the moment of their life. It couldn’t possibly get any better.</p>
<p>A light tap on my shoulder broke my gaze, and I looked up to recognise one of the four men. I thanked him again for their indulgence in the most polished English I could muster. He shook my hand again, offering me his card. “If you need anything, please don’t hesitate.” I followed the same etiquette, offering him my card as well. He looked at it, raised an eyebrow, and quickly controlled his surprise.</p>
<p>Back home, I found a specialist shop that made business cards out of titanium etched with a laser—a first-class job, extremely impressive, at five pounds a piece. I asked them to go nuts and create the most innovative design, containing a QR code linking to my Instagram. No name, no phone, no personal details. If you wanted to talk to me, you’d scan and add me as a friend.</p>
<p>Just as we finished the food and waited for desserts, I felt my phone vibrate and approved a new friend. He was an agent for one of the top Hollywood talent agencies, and judging by the company he kept, I gathered he was good at his job. It made me smile when I checked his profile and saw that we had quite a few friends in common, thanks to The Chamber. Pierre, for one, was a friend in common, and so were seven others, all members of The Chamber. That fifty grand was already paying dividends. It was a calling card of sorts that automatically vetted who you were.</p>
<p>The girls were in heaven, and the fourth serving of chocolate parfait kept them there, quietly humming like Enya in “Boadicea” while absentmindedly browsing through the pictures, arguing which one was better, which filter should be applied, and how it should be cropped.</p>
<p>It was interesting to watch how their minds worked. When we first met, the girls cut me out of their pictures. About three weeks ago, they reposted the original shots, making sure I was in all of them. Now, they were putting me at the centre stage; now, they were with me, whereas before, I was with them.</p>
<p>I did a statistical analysis of their posts in my head over time, scoring them, accounting for the actual growth versus the projected one, and applying it as the delta velocity. The pictures with me in them had a higher overall score by up to twenty-three per cent. The girls had a natural feel for social media, while I relied on maths.</p>
<p>After some time, I interrupted the two. They had already taken full advantage of this place, but smartly without bombarding Instagram—just a photo here and another there. They both had iPhone Xs with minimal memory, so they had to decide which photos to keep, delete most of them and do the best with what they had.</p>
<p>“Can I see this for a minute?” Rylee handed me her phone, and I installed OneDrive, hooked it up to an account I created, and configured image synchronisation. She almost fell from her chair when I explained how it worked. Given the number of pictures the girls took, iCloud was too expensive for her. Until now, they have had to delete most videos because they take up too much space.</p>
<p>“Do me, do me,” Callie squealed from across the table.</p>
<p>“I’ll do you later tonight.” Her face turned red, and I saw a few people chuckle at the neighbouring table. Us Brits are famous for crude double entendres. There’s a way to say anything inappropriate in English and make it sound like an unfortunate sentence construction. Perhaps that’s why the word “fag” means a cigarette in the UK.</p>
<p>It was like discovering water. The girls didn’t have to delete anything anymore. They just waited for the app to upload all the images, and even if they deleted them, they still remained available in the cloud for download. Each had their own account. I had a family subscription, which meant five free accounts. It cost me nothing and solved their problem.</p>
<p>I passed my card to the waiter with a generous tip. The girls stood up, wrapped themselves around my arms, and we walked out. When I looked back, at least ten people quickly turned their heads. They were staring at two gorgeous goddesses clinging to a middle-aged gentleman, with no doubt in their minds about what would come next on our agenda. Pretty faces, jealous faces, and stern faces of wives that caught their husbands wishing it was them in my place followed us out. The girls kissed my cheek, and we strolled away.</p>
<p>It was almost eleven, still early by all accounts. It was a lovely part of town with well-dressed people passing by, so we decided to take a walk for a while. The girls wanted to see the streets at night, breathe the air, and show off their dresses—the prettiest they had looked in their entire lives.</p>
<p>We walked and talked and took some more pictures. Now that they had endless space on their phones, they could go full blast, snapping away at anything they liked. Memories are the one thing that keeps us connected to the moment; they remind us of how we felt before. Somehow, the girls sensed the transience of life, the fleeting nature of every precious minute, and they wanted to make each count. Life was too short to waste on ugliness when there was so much beauty around them. All one had to do was look for it—a bee in a flower, a smiling baby in a crib. Life is beautiful if you embrace it and allow it to permeate your entire being. Time is the precious clock ticking from minute to minute until it stops; the curtain falls with a bow, the crowd claps, and the lights go off.</p>
<p>After a few miles, the girls felt tired from walking in high heels, so I hailed a cab. We entered and told the driver to take us to our hotel.</p>
<p>“I don’t want this night to end,” Rylee insisted.</p>
<p>“Me too,” Callie parroted. I noticed the lights of a Hooters bar. I’d never been to one, but I’d heard the wings and curly fries were fantastic. So, I tapped the driver, asking him to change course, and tipped him well for his trouble.</p>
<p>The girls were in their element, giggling and chirping as always. Just about every guest and staff member took a long, hard look at us. We looked like lost movie stars on a bender, dressed for the Oscars, not a bar. The wings and fries arrived, plonked on our table without finesse, served by a waitress with daggers in her eyes, trying to stare us down.</p>
<p>“What is her problem?” Callie asked quietly.</p>
<p>“She’s making a play for that big tip,” I said, turning to humour to not spoil our day. We sipped our sodas and nibbled on chicken. The girls agreed they preferred this to the posh restaurant. A fancy restaurant offers a dining experience but come to Hooters if you want to stuff your face. It wasn’t healthy, pretty, or nice, and if that waitress was anything to go by, the staff was rude. But it tasted good, and Callie burped. We burst into laughter. Rylee threw a curly fry at her face, but miraculously, Callie caught it. I began to believe this wasn’t their first curly fry party. They were just kids in the end, high on life, and because she was rude, we decided to tease the waitress.</p>
<p>Every few minutes, we would ask her for something—more drinks, napkins, ketchup, or something else. She was fuming, seemingly hating us from the bottom of her heart. At one point, I felt she wanted to poke my eyes out. It was all in good fun. I believe it was Maximilien Robespierre during the French Revolution who said, “We will answer terror with terror,” and so we did. We were the Hooters revolutionaries, rising against the tyranny of waitresses. “We want service with a smile. Tips for smiling waitresses.” It was a peaceful protest, akin to how trusted news sources, purveyors of truth and justice, often characterised the recent protests in France, following a strict narrative.</p>
<p>In the end, we were done, burnt out and exhausted. I called for the check and watched the waitress’s eyes water as the girls played the final prank on her, paying for the food in the smallest denominations they could find, mainly in coins. They were taunting a poor girl, and she endured the humiliation, standing for five minutes. I tapped her shoulder when we stood up to leave, and she turned away. I noticed she used a napkin to wipe her eyes before turning to me and forcing a smile. Her eyes were red and swollen. We took it too far, and it wasn’t okay.</p>
<p>“I forgot your tip,” I said. I read from the waitress’ lips that she didn’t want it, but I pulled out three hundred dollars and put it into her hand.</p>
<p>At first, she looked with disbelief at her hand, then her eyes teared up. Never before had I seen a look so thankful, so deep, so blue, so desperate, with just a tinge of hope. At that moment, I wished I had given her more. This money apparently meant so much to her that she couldn’t express it in any other way but with the tears that rolled across her cheeks from the corners of her eyes. Without thinking, I reached out with my hand and brushed a tear away with my thumb.</p>
<p>“You should smile more,” I told her. She chuckled once, and her tears spilt as her gaze followed us out of the diner.</p>
<p>“I feel like an asshole,” I said, and the girls felt the same. They knew as well as I did that it wasn’t okay, and we silently swore never to do such a thing again, no matter how rude the waiter might be. Nobody should treat people like that. We waddled on the pavement slowly for maybe a quarter of a mile, watching the night go by before a taxi picked us up and took us home.</p>
<p>“I want a massage,” Rylee said, looking straight into my eyes, biting her lip with her perfect pearly whites. She left no room for speculation about what she really meant by that, so I loaded the bath with everything I could find that could make some bubbles, set the water temperature to just right, and let it run.</p>
<p>The girls were preening in the living room like cockatoos in front of a mirror, admiring their gorgeous figures like two Olympian sisters, a goddess of love and goddess of sex, fallen from the heavens above straight into my bed, or a bath for that matter. They looked so lovely, so sensual, classy and feminine, the epitome of beauty and charm, sophistication and breeding.</p>
<p>They turned around and saw me admiring their bodies, knowing for a fact my eyes weren’t undressing them. I was pleased to see them this way and wanted this moment to last, to burn itself into my brain till the moment I died. I always believed there is some sort of magic in beautiful women putting on clothes to seduce and entice, to tempt and to make you fantasise, to desire to take them, unwrapping them, discovering every inch, every pore like a delicate layered cake prepared by a master chef. It almost feels like sacrilege consuming it, defiling its natural state, always looking back with sadness and a touch of regret, wondering how much sweeter it could get if you waited just another moment, another breath.</p>
<p>After the emotional rollercoaster and a perfect evening, the girls were hot and bothered, ready to pop, horny like devils. Rylee almost jumped on me like a starving beast when we got into the bathtub, but I managed to get her to trust me and slow it down. This time, I leaned with my back against the side, Rylee’s back against my chest, and Callie on the opposite side, looking at us with her big blue eyes.</p>
<p>I never understood the dynamic between the two; they were eye-fucking each other, yet neither made a single move that could be interpreted as sexual in nature. When we first met, I thought the two were lovers with so much unspent sexual energy between them, but as I got to know them better, I realised they put up a barrier there. Something somewhere in their psyche prevented them from taking the next step. I didn’t know if that was for the better or if it was just another car crash waiting to happen.</p>
<p>It was a big day for the girls, and I wanted to do something special and run a little experiment I had been thinking about to help me understand something that had bothered me for days. Rylee was tense at first but soon relaxed under my kneading fingers. Before I came to Los Angeles, I wondered what other skills I could try to master, picking up a dozen books and videos to study before I went to sleep.</p>
<p>Dan’s assignment didn’t involve a night so much as a day. Since joining The Chamber, I minimised my exposure to regular bars. I still frequented my favourite place on Fridays and then two times a week in The Chamber to see Cassie and make new friends. The rest of the week, I had free evenings, and my weekends were mostly free, so I read, learned, and tested myself. One of those subjects was tantric massage.</p>
<p>I had always wanted to learn that to please my wife, but she never wanted to participate. This time, I read the books and watched all the videos, then called up a professional masseuse, which was an euphemism for a prostitute, but she had all the proper certificates. So, instead of massage and sex, I paid her for the entire day to guide me and let me practice, using her body as a learning device. Ten hours straight. I couldn’t feel my hands for a day afterwards, but she admitted in the end that my technique was adequate, and if I booked a few more sessions, I could become a master.</p>
<p>It’s easy to recognise an elevator pitch, so I passed on it. Besides, I wasn’t planning to set up a shop; I just wanted to do something nice for a woman if the opportunity presented itself. Everything started with Jack, and I took his advice to heart, looking for opportunities to move forward and improve myself in some meaningful way that didn’t include professional pursuits. I read and learned more in the past two months than in the two years prior. I applied this knowledge to Rylee’s back, arms, and neck.</p>
<p>She purred like a cat, feeling my hands dislodge her stress, then move down to massage her body, knead her breasts, bringing her closer, yet never close enough. She panted and moaned aloud, begging me for release, but I just continued, pushing her forward, holding her on the brink of orgasm.</p>
<p>My eyes were focused on Callie’s, watching what I was doing to her best friend. She swallowed, aroused. Her pierced nipples were extended, begging to be touched. Yet, she didn’t even make a move, transfixed by the incredible sight before her, outright torture, the agony of flesh as it sought its release, like Tantalus, punished by the gods, standing in water and dying of thirst. It felt like a punishment, but it was a penance with a great boon at the end.</p>
<p>After about an hour of inhumane torment, I showered Rylee off. She wasn’t able to stand, so I carried her carefully, making sure not to slip, and laid her on the bed with her back lying straight and her legs opened wide. Before she figured out what had happened, I dove in and attacked her perfectly shaved pink orifice.</p>
<p>Rylee actually screamed from sheer intensity. For an hour, I kept her on the edge, then dove for it with all my strength, interested to see if I could replicate what happened with Cassie. Another subject that I studied alongside tantric massage was reams and reams of text and hundreds of videos on how to orally please women. If someone made any content about it, I wanted to know it. I learned from porn stars, doctors, and lesbians, adding to that my personal experience, recalling everything that I did to Cassie. I wanted to know if that was a fluke, whether it only worked on her, or if it was a skill one could learn and repeat, improve upon, and grow in a consistent, measurable manner. I had two willing subjects in front of me to experiment with.</p>
<p>It only took two minutes for Rylee to scream, tremble, shake, pound her fist against the bed, and then pull on it. Her orgasm was mind-blowing, but we weren’t there yet. I had seen something better before, so I persisted, and as predicted, another one hit her in just a few minutes. After a few more, she did the same thing as Cassie, trying to push me off her, feeling too sensitive.</p>
<p>“Take her hands and hold them,” I said, and Callie quickly did what I asked, completely mesmerised, incredibly aroused. Rylee couldn’t prevent me from doing what I intended to do to her anymore. I set out to lick her until dawn if needed, even if it meant losing my tongue for a day. I just had to know what is real and what is not.</p>
<p>Rylee’s orgasms kept lining up. I lost track of them after ten or eleven. She was exhausted and incoherently babbled, then another push came, and another. I must have licked her pussy for an hour, thinking that if something was to happen, it should have already; then, after some twenty minutes, I saw the same thing again as with Cassie. Something big and terrible was building up. Rylee’s eyes popped open, and I could read a mixture of fear and surprise.</p>
<p>God knows how it felt to them, but from the expression on Rylee’s face, it was something terrible. She had never felt anything like this before, and then it came and took over. Her entire body responded, pushed and contracted, extended and exploded with such incredible force that her pussy erupted. I was ready this time as she squirted all over the place, screaming so loud that Callie had to block her mouth lest someone complain and the police bust in with guns drawn to arrest me for giving a woman an illegal orgasm.</p>
<p>Rylee howled and squealed, bounced and pissed herself. It was fun to watch but also scary and intense, and just like with Callie, she burst into tears in the end, babbling something incoherently, hugging me with all her strength, and then she fainted. I made sure she was alright and pushed her to the side, just as a precaution and to keep her airways open.</p>
<p>I sat next to Rylee and noticed Callie was kneeling on the bed on the other side, looking at me like she saw God.</p>
<p>“I want this,” she said, pointing at a catatonic Rylee, and I pointed at my tongue and the phone. She figured out what I wanted and called room service. Fifteen minutes later, they brought us two large cups of hot chocolate. My new nutritionist at the gym would have a fit. She put me on a strict reduced-carb diet focused on protein, but I’ve been working so hard today, and I needed the energy for the night shift.</p>
<p>I sat on the living room sofa with Callie in my lap. She was smaller and cuter than Rylee, still with some baby fat on her face, and her tits rode just a little higher on her chest, which I thought was to be expected for a nineteen-year-old teenager. She took a long sip of her drink, then turned around and stuck her tongue in my mouth.</p>
<p>Callie loved to kiss, and she could go on forever. I was also partial to kissing, so we kept it up for at least twenty minutes. While we did that, I kneaded her tits, which got me a lovely few moans from her. Ultimately, we broke off and smiled at each other like kids, discovering something forbidden. Her face got serious at one point, and I knew she had been saving something for a while.</p>
<p>“Can I ask you a question?” I nodded. “Why didn’t you have sex with us?” The girls knew my story in broad strokes, but I never went on to give them blow-by-blow details. While I was resting my tongue and lips for a while, I told her everything since I was a child.</p>
<p>“I have this thing in my head that I would cum too soon, then I feel ashamed if my cock goes limp and I don’t give you an orgasm. It would just make me feel less of a man.” She nodded and looked down. I knew she was processing everything inside her head, my entire story, including my insecurities. She looked back at me, and all I could see was honesty, no pity, no haughtiness.</p>
<p>“We are not sluts, you know,” she said, and I was wondering where she was going with that. “I only had sex with two guys, well, three if we count the bath.” Callie had her first sex with a neighbour’s kid when she was fifteen and he was sixteen. They never dated, only experimented. Her first real boyfriend was when she turned seventeen, and they dated for nine months until she learned he cheated on her with her younger cousin, no less.</p>
<p>“Rylee had only one boyfriend for four years, and he cheated on her.” That’s how the girls started their friendship, sharing the same pain and betrayal and then learning about other things they had in common. At first, it was a friendship of convenience. The two girls were looking out for each other, so nothing bad happened, but with time, they learned a lot about each other and became inseparable.</p>
<p>“I know you’re not sluts, and you’re also not after my money,” I smiled, pointing at the neatly stored dresses. Callie giggled a little.</p>
<p>“We were so scared.”</p>
<p>“I know, and I’m sorry I played it up a bit.” She punched my shoulder with her fist and a smile, then kissed me again for about five minutes.</p>
<p>“I want to have sex with you,” she said so openly, without fear, and I kissed her before I said, “I want to have sex with you too.” We were just a man and a woman, a boy and a girl, talking openly for the first time, without shame or pretence. I saw that she really felt comfortable with me to do that.</p>
<p>“Can you teach me to give a blowjob?” I looked into her eyes and nodded. I was about to ask her when, but she just slid to the ground between my legs.</p>
<p>“I am so turned on that I am afraid I will cum in five seconds.”</p>
<p>“You can, and I will keep it in my mouth and swallow, then you can do it again if you want.” I nodded, and she put my cock into her mouth. It was the clumsiest blowjob I’ve ever received. Still, she looked so hot doing it that even the worst blowjob imaginable from her would send me to heaven.</p>
<p>“Mmm, just lick underneath the head, yes there. This is my most sensitive spot. Avoid the teeth. You don’t need to suck so hard. No, a little harder. Yes, like that, and use your hand.” I was voice-controlling a real-life blowjob machine with an instant correction algorithm built-in. She was getting progressively better as I showed her what to do next.</p>
<p>“Look into my eyes while you suck me. Yes, you are so beautiful.” It took only a little for my legs to shiver, and my hands balled into fists. “Oh, god. I am going to cum. Do it a little faster, yes, just a little faster. Oh, oh, mmmm,” and I popped. My cock twitched and spurted out. I felt like my kidneys were also spat out; it was so intense. The room spun around me a couple of times before my orgasm subsided, and I could focus again.</p>
<p>Callie smiled at me with my cock still in her mouth, still leaking, still dribbling, and she lapped it off. When it finally turned flaccid, she opened her mouth and showed me her teeth.</p>
<p>“I swallowed everything, and it’s not bad. Actually, I kinda like it.” I stroke her head, still unable to say anything, reeling in my post-orgasmic bliss. “When you get hard, you can fuck me if you want and cum in me. I am not on a pill, but those are my safe days.” The engineer in me instantly calculated the probability, considering various factors. The chance of pregnancy was slight but still statistically significant, depending on the accepted margin of error.</p>
<p>“I would love to, but I want to eat your pussy and make you cum like Rylee.” She perked up, more curious than anything to experience such an orgasm. I took a sip of hot chocolate, and Callie gave me a big smile, then just slid down between my legs again and put my flaccid cock into her mouth.</p>
<p>“I like your cock, and your sperm tastes nice. Don’t worry; you can cum as much as you want.”</p>
<p>“And you can suck me as much as you want as well.” She giggled and looked straight into my eyes and sucked, but not hard or fast, just slow, exploring every inch of my cock with her tongue. She wasn’t trying to make me cum. Callie was just trying to get used to the shape of my cock. Clearly, this was her first blowjob. I wondered how that happened. Did she not want to suck off her boyfriend, and if so, why me? What made her decide to do that?</p>
<p>Half an hour later, my cock was limp again. I had another orgasm, but this time Callie pushed my cock far, wishing to experience how it felt if I blasted my sperm directly into her throat. She still sucked in the end and rubbed my sperm into her gums with her tongue.</p>
<p>I was so tired, but I made a promise, so I led her to the bedroom and laid her face down on the bed. I climbed on top of her and gave her a gentle massage, pressing hard a few times on her spine and hearing the vertebrae crack to release tension. Callie moaned when I did that. When I thought she was completely relaxed, I turned her on her back, put a pillow on the floor, dove between her legs and started slow. The poor girl was horny for hours, her pussy was wet like running water, but she smelled divine, almost virginal. Of course, I imagined all that, never having had sex with a virgin before.</p>
<p>Callie’s clit was pink, swollen, and engorged. I gently pulled her hood a little, exposing her pink nub to the universe, and licked it directly, just like the doctor ordered. From all the advice I found, I created a giant spreadsheet, then cross-referenced and scored the technique until I reached an approximate consensus on what to do and what to avoid. I sorted all this by the score, coming up with a sort of toolset to try, adapting dynamically the score based on physical response. I resorted to the top twenty techniques inside my head based on the response, approximating what could be the next thing to try with the highest probability of success.</p>
<p>I did exactly the same with Rylee earlier, and it yielded great results. She was still out of it after more than an hour of rest. It took her entire energy to cum like this, but something told me that before the week was over, she would come for more.</p>
<p>Everything went well as expected, and after some time, Callie started having the same response. She was an intelligent girl, and when she realised her clit was becoming too sensitive, instead of pushing me away, she grabbed the headboard with her hands and rode through the discomfort, forcing her brain to accept the almost painful stimulus. It became easier, and her orgasms were faster and stronger. Then, after a long dip, she exploded, blasting her squirt right into my face. I was too slow and miscalculated while she covered her lips with her hands and screamed like an insane person.</p>
<p>She didn’t pass out like her best friend, so we kissed and cuddled until her eyes started to close.</p>
<p>“I like you very much,” she said, almost drifting away.</p>
<p>“I like you too.”</p>
<p>“I don’t want you to go home.” Then darkness fell. I waited to make sure she was asleep before gently extricating myself from her grip. I took a quick shower and drank the rest of the hot chocolate, buzzing room service to bring me a cup of coffee. My plan was simple: I would ride the jet lag wave so that when I got back to the UK, I wouldn’t have to experience the same.</p>
<p>Only one chapter was left, and I sat with my Kindle after the coffee arrived. When I started reading Montana, I didn’t think I would be able to finish it, but somewhere along the line, the book gripped me, and I prayed for the wolves to find him. In the end, I switched off the reader and cried. I didn’t cry for a very long time. It became a conflicting thing, still confused if men were supposed to shed a tear.</p>
<p>The vivid images from the story gripped me, and I wanted to wait for the dawn by the sea and lift my arms to welcome, mumbling, “Blessed is the gift of life.” I was a believer. Who wouldn’t be after having sex with two angels? I was blessed.</p>
<p>Suddenly, my phone vibrated, and my heart jumped into my throat. I quickly picked up my phone and closed myself in the bathroom so I wouldn’t disturb the girls.</p>
<p>“Hello? Who’s there?” Sobs and cries came from the other side. It was Cassie, and she was panicking.</p>
<p>“Where are you now?” It didn’t matter what happened; nobody could change it, but I had to focus on the future. She was babbling, begging me for something I couldn’t understand through her tears and sniffles.</p>
<p>“I will send a car for you now.” On the other line, I was calling Lamin. He sprung into action as I gave him the information.</p>
<p>“Stay there, lock yourself in, and don’t let anyone but Lamin inside. Yes, yes, I got you. I know. I do.” I could see her panic subside, but not her distress. By the time she calmed down a little, Lamin was already halfway there.</p>
<p>“Where is it? Forget about it; I’ll give you some money. Yes, fine. Lamin will sort it out with him after you’re safe.” Cassie started babbling again, sounding incoherent. I couldn’t do much more but listen and try to calm her down, reassuring her every few minutes.</p>
<p>“Good. Yes, that’s Lamin. You can open it, I am sure. Okay. He will take you to my place and give you the key. I will call you later in the evening, I promise. Don’t worry. Me too.” Then, the line went dead.</p>
<p>I liked Shogun. It was one of my favourite novels, written by James Clavell. It is about an English sailor who ends up in fifteenth-century Japan, where he is faced with a huge cultural difference and meets a feudal lord, Toranaga, the master of eight provinces. He teaches him how to compartmentalise and the idea of the eightfold fence. I liked this and thought long and hard about how to do the same.</p>
<p>Soon after I got married, it became a coping mechanism I mastered. Similarly, I put Cassie’s problem into one of the compartments. There was little I could do but worry, which would be unproductive. I was forced to delegate and trust the people I surrounded myself with, like Lamin. I was counting on him, counting that things would be better until tomorrow when I could call her, and she calmed down a little. Then, I can learn the problem and see how I can help.</p>
<p>Life is never dull, they say. This was an exciting end to an exciting day. I switched off all the lights and drew the curtains a little before sneaking back into bed and embracing Callie. She moaned and wrapped herself around me.</p>
<p>“One, one, two, three, five, eight,” I whispered almost inaudibly the Fibonacci sequence, never reaching fifty-five. The wolves took me away into the yellowing grass of the Montana dreamland.</p>

</body>
</html>
