<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 16 - Where words don’t count</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 16 - Where words don’t count</h2>
<p>I was fucked, both literally and metaphorically. The jet lag, lack of sleep, the book, and the day’s events had all taken their toll, leaving me in bed drained. In my dream, I was on a sunny beach, a tropical island paradise with palm trees, cocktails, and coconut water. I was lying on my back, making love to a beautiful woman whose face I couldn’t quite recognise as her head was bathed in sunlight.</p>
<p>She was on top of me, moving seductively, teasing and tantalising me, keeping me on the edge of pleasure indefinitely. I felt like I was boiling, my entire body on fire. Just a little closer, just one more stroke; I only wanted to cross that threshold and release myself. Even in my dream, I could feel my balls pull back, my cock on the brink, begging for that final stroke.</p>
<p>And then it happened. Pleasure consumed me as my sperm surged, pulling me into consciousness. I opened my eyes, and there was Rylee on top of me, riding out my orgasm. My cock erupted inside her, releasing with incredible force. One, two, three long blasts of my cum painted her insides. I watched as she grabbed her tits, pulled on her pierced nipples, and moaned. The feeling of my cock seeding her with my boiling sperm pushed her over the edge.</p>
<p>She collapsed on top of me, and I wrapped my arms around her, continuing to pump with my last strokes of orgasm, poisoning in and out. And then she collapsed, breathing heavily.</p>
<p>“Good morning,“ she said with a smile, leaning in to kiss me. She was happy and satisfied. She had taken advantage of me in my sleep, and I wanted more. Then, I noticed Callie on the bed beside us, watching the performance. She was biting her lip, looking incredibly horny, rubbing her perfect pussy with her fingers.</p>
<p>“My turn,“ she said as our orgasms subsided, pushing Rylee away before sliding between my legs and taking my cock into her mouth, sucking it eagerly. I didn’t know why, but the sheer perversity of sucking my cock clean of my sperm, still covered with her best friend’s juices, turned me on immensely. This little pseudo-lesbian encounter aroused me in ways I never thought possible. I had always lied to myself, denying my attraction to the idea of two women having sex with each other. Still, now I couldn’t deny it any longer. My cock quickly became erect again, betraying my true desires.</p>
<p>It had never happened to me before, not even in my teenage years, that I would cum and moments later be ready to go again. I was overexcited, crazily aroused, and my cock stood at attention like a flagpole with a soldier saluting next to it.</p>
<p>Callie mounted me, just as her friends had done moments before, and rode me like a rodeo queen, not caring about my pleasure, solely focused on her own. Up and down she went, gyrating her hips, using my shaft as her instrument. The rest of me felt like a clumsily shaped, unnecessary attachment that sometimes spoke.</p>
<p>I felt my pleasure rise higher and further, and as Callie reached her own orgasm, I was ready to blast again. I pulled her to me and rolled, then pumped into her like mad, wanting to breed the young woman until I didn’t have a single sperm left, and I pumped so hard, I thought she would break. She moaned so loudly that I thought they would hear us at breakfast. Then I came again and seeded her deep, releasing the torrent of hot white fluid, the essence of a man, inside her depths.</p>
<p>When my mind cleared, I saw Rylee next to me, kneeling with a smile, recording the moment on her phone, and I almost laughed. From social media influencer to porn producer in a day. I reached for her and pulled her closer, and then the three of us embraced.</p>
<p>As we separated, Rylee repeated Callie’s move by sliding lower and gulping down my cock, cleaning it from our combined juices. The women were just happy and smiling, looking carefree and satisfied. I chased them to the shower, and we were ready in a moment. They giggled like kids, wrapping their arms around mine. We looked like newlyweds on our honeymoon, drunk on love, except we were a trio instead of a couple. I wasn’t complaining, and neither were the girls.</p>
<p>Breakfast was another fun-filled affair. The women were more strategic this time, using single plates and going for more. It took longer, but they could focus on what they liked best. Despite the lack of sleep, I felt invigorated. Having an almost threesome with gorgeous students would do this to a man. I didn’t think what we did qualified as a threesome, more like a little reverse train. It was a conundrum, and I thought about the merits of coining my own phrase. How about an assembly line? Caution: choking hazard. Please ensure all tools are operated by qualified personnel.</p>
<p>I thought this was funny, so I shared it with the women. They almost choked. Callie found it particularly hilarious after our oral sex exercise. She almost screamed in hysterical laughter, making the eyes of some older ladies roll like Felix the cat wall clock. For some reason, I didn’t care so much about what people thought of me anymore. It even amused me sometimes. I learned to recognise the impotent jealousy in others, not just the disdain.</p>
<p>The girls had a full day ahead of them. I told them I would be busy with Dan all day and booked them a tour of the city, including Hollywood, the studios, and all related things. This gave me an idea, and I wanted to test something, so I sent a message to the talent agent I met yesterday, asking him if he knew someone to give the two a more personalised tour of the place. It was their dream, and a text cost me nothing. In fact, I read research a while ago which suggested that the best way to endear yourself to someone was to ask them for favours instead of doing something for them. I was a regular scientist now, experimenting with the world.</p>
<p>“Sure, I’ll ask one of my assistants to meet them there.” His text came straight away, so I thanked him and called the Vertu concierge to deliver him a bottle of fine red wine with an exclusive titanium fountain pen I noticed in a window yesterday as we walked back home, thinking I wanted to get one for myself.</p>
<p>The Chinese call it guanxi, an art of relationship rooted in Confucian doctrine about relationships, commitment, trust, and reciprocity. I didn’t want to have just a nominal list of people with a set of desirable properties. The man from last night reached out, offering his hand in friendship. It was my duty to work on that relationship and nurture it to the point where he and I could call each other friends. I did the same with Pierre and a few other men I met at The Chamber, who welcomed me with open arms. Keep your friends close and destroy your enemies. That’s how that cliche expression should have been told. Honesty is the bedrock of every relationship.</p>
<p>A staff member came to tell me the car was waiting outside. The girls wore simple white shorts, fitted T-shirts, and white sneakers, looking like two happy tourists. They hugged and kissed me goodbye before bouncing away. An elderly couple smiled at me while I poured another big mug of coffee.</p>
<p>“You have such beautiful daughters,” the wife said.</p>
<p>“They are my girlfriends.” It took her a moment to process the extent of what I said, and then she made a face of sheer shock when she understood what it implied. Rylee and Callie were not my girlfriends, and I refused to reduce what we had to a label. I loved them and cared for them. They weren’t mine to keep or to control them. The girls were with me by their choice, and I was thankful for every moment I spent with them. I didn’t crave any meaning beyond that. Still, for the sake of brevity, I used the common term not to confuse the elder, who already had too much to contest from all the woke nonsense. I could only imagine how scared they might have felt.</p>
<p>My phone buzzed again, and I took my coffee to a bar and sat at the same place I met Dan yesterday. I didn’t pay too much attention to my Instagram, but there have been at least a few hundred friend requests since. I felt exasperated. I didn’t want random followers. Everyone I had on my list was someone I knew in person, and I intended to keep it this way. I couldn’t be bothered by wasting my time on this nonsense, so I texted Lamin to delete all of them.</p>
<p>It got me thinking—how did those poor souls find me in the first place? Then everything became so clear. The girls’ Instagrams were exploding. Since the last time I checked, they gained at least a hundred thousand followers each. They tagged me in so many pictures that people thought I was someone of significance.</p>
<p>This sent me back to the list of friend requests, and I looked at a few that interested me. Some accounts could actually be relevant, so I followed up with Lamin, asking him to cancel the last order. Instead, I requested he research everyone who asked to be my friend and see if there were people worth meeting in person, and then I was done.</p>
<p>I still didn’t know who the guys we met at the restaurant were, and I didn’t care, but it seemed they were famous. The girls took pictures and tagged them by names, and many fans and yellow press followed, probably trying to dig out some dirt on who these girls were and why they were with them. It was like some sort of frenzy, as if movie stars wielded some kind of power. It was a job like any other. You wake up, work, and go back to bed at the end of the day.</p>
<p>Granted, some of the celebrities were filthy rich, but the price you pay for it is that you lose your privacy. A suited man with two blonde fans who look like his daughters can buy a bottle of wine and ask the celebrities to dance a little like bears in a circus and perform their routine to amuse the girls before he gets bored and goes back to his meal and ignores them.</p>
<p>I’ve met through my office some people who were ten times as affluent as any of the actors and actresses, and nobody ever heard about them. They are not on YouTube or in the yellow press. They don’t amuse themselves with infantile displays of wealth like buying sports cars and then bragging about it all the time like it was an achievement. It was sad, the level of breakdown of moral fibre, to the point where the green paper is used to substitute one’s character. It looked like some celebrities would do anything to stay in the limelight. “He beats me, mom. He poked my eye out with a broken glass, but he is really sorry, and he bought me a Lamborghini and a diamond necklace, and I still have another good eye left. He loves me, and I know he will change. This was the last time, he promised.”</p>
<p>I checked the time, and it was late in the UK. I called a house number, and after five rings, Cassie answered.</p>
<p>“Yes, it’s me. How are you feeling? I’m glad you are okay. Don’t mention it. You can stay as long as you need. I know. You don’t have to tell me. You know you can trust me.” I shut up and listened. There was nothing I could do more than I had already done. Lamin gave her a spare apartment key. I had cameras with cloud-based storage, top-of-the-range security systems with automatic panic mode, and the first thing I did when I rented the place was to replace the entire door frame with a titanium-enforced one with deep bore screws and a double-enforced door with an embedded steel net. Nothing short of a tank was coming through them. I knew it was an overkill, but I was always a geek and could afford little eccentricities.</p>
<p>The key she had and a lock were tamper-resistant, but there was also a manual override from the inner side. You could shoot a bullet through the lock, and the doors wouldn’t open. In fact, if an entire SWAT team came, they could bang for the rest of the day on the door with their battering rams while I composed music to their rhythm, sipping my wine. Cassie was as safe at my place as she would be in a bank. Unfortunately, from some things, you can’t just run away.</p>
<p>I was worried for her, and I wanted to help. I also wanted her, desired her in the worst sexual way. She taunted some animal part inside me, dared it to come out. I was scared of it but also excited to meet the monster and look into his eyes. This wasn’t something as simple as facing one’s fears. I wanted to look into the mirror and say, “This is me,” and know that from my dick to my bone. Right now, when I looked at myself, I saw patches I recognised on a stranger’s face. It was like this all my life, the greatest tragedy of never passing through a crucible that tested me to come out on the other side, a man I was born to be.</p>
<p>Lexi showed me a glimpse of what it feels like to be a man, and I embraced it and invested myself in it. Now, I could feel closer. Cassie showed me something much more potent, a glimpse of my true self beyond being just a man. She showed me what Jack talked about, a glimpse of my identity, and I knew deep inside that I had to follow that yellow brick road and find it. I didn’t want to live or die without knowing who I was all my life. It would be a life wasted; I would be living a lie.</p>
<p>I had this enormous primal reaction to Cassie, and I wanted her in my life. I was ready to do whatever was necessary for her to look into my eyes and smile, feeling that she could connect with me in a way she wouldn’t with any other man. Deep down, I wanted her to sit in my lap and smile, look into my eyes, and say, “That’ll do pig. That’ll do, babe.” I just had to learn the right language.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>I saw Dan walking towards me, and I waved to the waitress. We ordered our tonics and coffee, and we got free cookies as well. Today would be a hard day for both of us. We had a lot of material to cover, not counting the practical exercises, which should take us the rest of the day.</p>
<p>“I wanted to start with another triangle,” he said. It was a simpler, equilateral one with looks, money, and personality in each corner. “The word of the day is balance.” Dan pointed into the middle and explained. “This is what everyone sees in the first five minutes.” They say that the first impressions are usually the correct ones. He helped me with my looks, teaching me the crucial difference between being good-looking and looking good. That’s why the young, fit, and sporty troglodytes who flexed their muscles in bars seemed to repel women instead of attracting them. They were good-looking, but they looked terrible. The image they projected was of steroid rage combined with an undeveloped brain and a fashion style that focused only on emphasising their muscles, and it was cheap. They drank Bud Light, the cheapest horse piss they could find, promoted by a transvestite. It wasn’t a good look for ladies to be seen talking to them.</p>
<p>“The money part is often misinterpreted. It’s the reflection of the lifestyle you lead rather than your bank balance.” Dan went into detail on that one. It wasn’t just the design of the suit I wore but also the material, the car I used, whether I had a driver or not, whether I went to a barber or shaved, and the company I kept. It was the overall picture projecting not money but wealth.</p>
<p>It hit me like a ton of bricks. That’s why that talent agent was all over me, my bespoke Saville Row suit, my manners, my body language, and, on top of it all, the two gorgeous ladies in Ferragamo dresses. The girls might have got it with a heavy discount, but he didn’t know that. My complete disinterest in film entertainment might just have tipped the scale. We were in Hollywood, after all. I was an English gentleman with a practised upper-class accent delivered the same way as when addressing one of my company’s more affluent clients, and they bought that.</p>
<p>After all, this was Tinseltown, where all the magic happened. Perhaps the people here were affected by the white fairy dust and all the glamour and lights, so they saw what they wanted, telling their eyes what was real instead of the other way around. It’s funny how the gaps between words are filled with everything imagined.</p>
<p>“Today, we focus on personality, which is the most important of all three points and the most difficult to master.” Every conversation has a structure; every interaction must have a purpose. Dan went through the core elements for projecting confidence.</p>
<p>Confidence and attitude are two sides of the same coin. Both convey personality through the use of language, building rapport, and storytelling. Dan broke up the typical conversation into starting the conversation, building rapport, the art of storytelling, leading the interaction, and agreeing on a common understanding. The one thing in common to all of those steps was confidence, like a single thread turning parts into a whole.</p>
<p>“You project confidence through your energy, language, and tone of voice, which in itself carries rhythm, cadence, and timbre.” That part there would be hard to understand, let alone master if I hadn’t spent years studying the subject for my professional life. I knew exactly what he was talking about. The speaker should match or exceed the recipient’s energy by just a little, keep a steady rhythm and cadence, paint his voice with emotion, and light it like a Christmas tree.</p>
<p>“People often forget the timbre and its natural resonance.” Even in loud environments, projecting your voice was another example of singling confidence. Put all those together, and you’ve got a powerful presence. This could be used then to deliver your character through small talk, rapport, storytelling, and language. It was the art of conversation, one of the essential pieces of the puzzle.</p>
<p>With so many variables involved in tuning a fine instrument, it would be easy to say, “This is too difficult,” and abandon the entire project. The truth is, we converse all the time, whether we go to school or the office or just shoot the breeze with our best friends.</p>
<p>The problem is that talking is organic, full of “umm, ohs, and ares,” making the speaker appear indecisive, possibly intimidated, uncertain about himself, or without a plan of what to say. It is a common occurrence, happening all the time. The best speakers know exactly what to say and how. Their delivery is perfect, with just the right energy, tone, cadence, and timbre, making them look like experts in the subject matter, even if they have no clue what it is all about. They always come across as articulate and confident. It makes it hard to argue with them even when you have all the facts and proof you’re right. They seem authentic and believable, and you do not unless you learn how to take command of your language. So many people overlook that.</p>
<p>“In the end, it all comes down to purpose,” Dan said. All conversations have them, even those meaningless, even when the purpose is obscured and we’re just tapping in the dark, having a blast, enjoying the company of friends, jumping from one subject to another.</p>
<p>“When you approach someone with an intent to communicate, make sure you know why.” It was a valid point. Sometimes, I would just talk with an overall idea of what I wanted without previously considering the desired outcome. If I needed direction, the destination had to be part of the question, but for anything more sophisticated, it would help to know precisely how I wanted the conversation to end. I often made this mistake.</p>
<p>If I wanted to make a new friend, I would approach someone and hope they say something I could add and expand on. The hours passed, Dan and I role-played, and he corrected my tone, timbre, and energy. We had a few laughs and bantered, but he forced me to find a creative way to steer the conversation towards what I wanted. It takes confidence and smarts to lead and push forward, knowing that a mistake could set you back, so you analyse and build conversational maps that would bring you to the desired outcome in the most natural way.</p>
<p>When done right, people get that “aha“ moment, and suddenly, you realise how all along you were in sync and liked each other. That’s how you make friends. Of course, that’s only the beginning, and Dan promised to teach me relationship management later.</p>
<p>We went into detail on building rapport, touching again on body language and the conversational sequences—observation, question, answer, and praise. Never say “no“ or “but;” always say “and“ or “yes.“</p>
<p>“When you disagree with someone, your normal tendency is to say no, but you could look at it this way.” That is a negative statement. Formulating it as, “Yes, and you can also look at it this way,” is positive. The conversational effect is the same, but now you’re vibing together, exploring the options, and evaluating approaches rather than arguing over them and competing to see who is the smartest.</p>
<p>“What you say is important, but also how you say it.” I got that; words have power, like tools in a mechanic shop. A good orator uses the right words and sentences constructed in such a way to effectively bring the listener to your point of view and present them with just the right information to do that.</p>
<p>I knew this approach from long before. Over the years, I trained myself to write impactful emails, preferring one specific and to-the-point email over starting a back-and-forth chain. The same applied to the conversation, applying the principle that less is more and delivering it with just the right energy and tone, combined with eye contact, a smile, and the correct body language.</p>
<p>“This is the recipe for being charismatic.” It clicked. If I could pull off something like that, I would instantly stand out and draw listeners into my world, like a vacuum in space, leading them on a journey of thought and senses.</p>
<p>“When you give your conversation a purpose and do it with style, you communicate authenticity, authority, eloquence, and power, all with a clear, resonant voice.” People are social creatures conditioned to follow the leaders, and if one person demonstrates he is of such kind, the rest of us would be more likely to believe him and align our worldviews with his, so unconsciously, at least some of his better qualities would rub off on us.</p>
<p>It was a grand idea, building atop what I already knew inside a corporate environment. It just took a lot of practice to shape my voice, learn how to project it, inflect it with the right tones, and make it vibrate at the correct frequencies. I could imagine how someone like this would be the leader of people, not those twits you see on TV when journalists interview the government, but real charismatic leaders‘ armies follow into their deaths.</p>
<p>This was a lesson from a man who couldn’t fully apply it as English wasn’t his native language. His skill with people was so strong that he didn’t need to apply himself and invest in overcoming the language barrier. I could only imagine his effect on others in his native Croatian tongue, as his English was full of idiosyncrasies, poor inflexion, tonal dissonance, and a range of filler sounds, but none of this mattered.</p>
<p>It made me admire Dan even more. Whenever he approached someone, he didn’t do it on a level playing field like the rest of us. Dan always started from way down, playing with two severe handicaps, a physical and a verbal one, yet he would still come out on top. Dan was a virtuoso when it came to people. He played the social game like a fine instrument.</p>
<p>We talked for a while. Conversation is a big subject, and we touched on concepts like emotional trigger words, engagement, frame control, and many others. In the end, Dan affixed me with a hidden microphone and a broadcast device, and he sent me into the wild to talk to strangers while he listened. After I finished, Dan gave me his constructive critique, and I went off again, in and out, from one group of people to another.</p>
<p>Dan watched my posture and body language as well as monitored my energy and tone. We walked around town, and he kept pointing here and there. With each iteration, I would learn something new and correct my behaviour. As I did all that, I realised why Dan was so easily convinced to give me three months instead of one. He knew already how difficult this would be and was aware of my meticulous tendencies. When you’re an engineer, a small mistake could result in terrible damage, so we are all trained from the beginning to test and test again.</p>
<p>I applied this to my personal development by making a plan on my computer with a list of the exact desired outcomes and all possible states. Someone might say it would be overkill, but I would laugh at that. More than once, I was tempted to write a program in Z just to expose flaws in my thinking. That would indeed be overkill.</p>
<p>I never applied my intelligence to anything other than computers. It never even crossed my mind to think about social sciences. It turns out the behaviour of a person is incredibly hard to model, but it also turns out that the behaviour of a group can be easily defined, predicted, and calculated with a reasonable level of certainty. So, if we defined a person as a member of certain behavioural groups, one could stipulate all sorts of behavioural patterns, score them, and almost predict the outcome.</p>
<p>If a small enough interaction segment were separated into certain levels and ordered on a progressive scale, one could measure one’s own interaction with others, assigning scores for progressing from one segment to another in a measured time.</p>
<p>From this vantage point, looking back at my life, I was shocked and surprised at how many times I just went along with the rest. It shocked me how often I refused to apply thinking to anything and went along with everything. I would see an advertisement on the TV and rationalise that I had to have it without considering whether I needed it. For instance, you can buy a cheese grater when you are lactose intolerant. Still, just on the off chance, you may have some guests over for an Italian meal, and they want some extra parmesan. The chances of that happening were virtually nil. Yet, the mind finds an excuse to justify an impulse decision caused by influence. People are implicit in their own seduction by mass media or each other.</p>
<p>Sometimes, I would step outside the moment and consider my actions as I walked around LA with Dan in tow. I tried to rationalise—how would a person who saw us from the outside react? What would they think, trying to put into perspective what I was learning? I was willing to bet they would think we were crazy. Who in their wildest dreams could imagine learning social skills could be done this way? Indeed, there would be a school program somewhere with sociologists and other scientists writing long dissertations and giving lengthy speeches.</p>
<p>Ironically, if one were to look at all those geniuses — the scientists and so-called society experts — most of them drove ordinary cars, were married to ordinary partners, had ordinary lives and ordinary children, and firmly believed in the old axioms of fitting in and getting what they deserved.</p>
<p>What if I wanted an extraordinary life? Who is the one that decides what I deserve? The entire society is built around statistics. We are all governed by the power we invest in a government that seeks to control everyone. The more predictable the society, the easier it is to govern it and sell it to the public. Out-of-the-box thinking is always discouraged unless it serves a commercial purpose: innovation and commerce. This shouldn’t be shocking to anyone. There isn’t a mastermind, a grand puppeteer controlling everyone like a box full of marionettes.</p>
<p>We are a society ruled by a committee full of inept bureaucrats, unable to make a decision and always focused on covering their asses. That’s how we got into this “woke“ problem—by trying to create an environment where everyone is satisfied, equating the radical few with the majority of the indifferent. If you scream loud enough, the government will reprimand everyone else and force them to care. This is the human condition at every level, from street sweepers to the government. People tend to choose the same restaurants and always order the meals they like. The only extraordinary thing about such a life is the remarkable conformity most of us display. This suits those in power and those selling to us, but not so much those who want to live extraordinary lives.</p>
<p>“How do you maintain your energy?“ I asked Dan as I collapsed on a chair. I was tired and hungry, so when I saw the same Hooters bar where I had so much fun with the girls before, I suggested we rest. Dan called it a day, explaining I did well. We spent the entire day talking to strangers up and down. My throat was getting sore.</p>
<p>The same waitress from the last time saw me and ran straight to us to take our order, but this time with a big smile. It’s incredible how much impact a person can have on another just by treating them right. I was still ashamed of how I had acted, but she looked like she had forgiven me.</p>
<p>Dan and I dipped our wings into extra sauce on the side, drank our sodas, and discussed the details. He pulled out his computer and showed me an updated radar chart. In his assessment, I used to be “there,” and now I was “here.” The score didn’t lie, and the difference was noticeable.</p>
<p>“How did I score compared to your other students, relative to the time?” He mulled it over and said, “You were in the upper ten percentile.” It wasn’t an exact measure, but I took it as a sign that whatever I was doing was working, and with time, I would master the art. He also gave me all-stars for the physical presentation. Hundreds of approaches I had made over the past month were paying dividends. I was pleased.</p>
<p>The verbal presentation and conversational skills were at a reasonable level. Dan gave me a set of tasks and exercises to perform daily to improve. He suggested I record some of the conversations and later self-analyse. I could compare my tonality, inflexion, and technique to some of the best speakers on the internet, then create my own corrective tasks and practice again.</p>
<p>“This could take a couple of years if you regularly apply yourself.” I was more than aware of the complexity, but I had the basics down. Even with what I have learned now, I should be able to surpass most average people — businessmen, presenters, and the like. Pareto’s principle—It took me a day to cover eighty per cent, but the last twenty per cent would be an endurance trial, taking years to get there.</p>
<p>“One last question,” I said to Dan. He was ready to go, but I held him back for a moment to tell him the story about Cassie—how strangely she behaved, including the story about the knife, the spanking, the tears, her apparent disinterest, and how she called me in her moment of need. All of it was so strange, especially the effect she had on me, making me tremble.</p>
<p>“She is beautiful, isn’t she?”</p>
<p>“Extremely.” Dan nodded with a smile, then told me an unbelievable story. Long ago, he partnered with someone specialising in women like that. Together they came up with a program called “The Hooker Game.” It was a bit of an internal joke with shock value.</p>
<p>“She behaves this way because she resets every day.” I had no clue what Dan was talking about. It went right over my head, but he explained that certain women build multilayered outer shells. It’s common with abuse victims and women who started attracting attention at a young age. He would delve into the theory but didn’t have the time.</p>
<p>“I would tell you to stay away from her, but something tells me you wouldn’t listen.”</p>
<p>“I want her more than I’ve ever wanted anyone in my life.” Dan paused for a moment, then sighed.</p>
<p>“In that case, you must learn very advanced skills, Jim. Give me some time. I’ll see what can be done. Nobody teaches those anymore and for a good reason. It will cost you.” I shrugged. Every school has its costs in our lives, and all the money I had spent so far on changing my life was more than justified. I wanted Cassie to be a part of my life. I knew I wanted her from the first day and still remembered my quiet promise—that I would do anything to become a man deserving of such a treasure.</p>
<p>Dan finished his drink, and we said our goodbyes. A car was already waiting for him outside to take him straight to the airport. I relaxed in my seat, waving the waitress over.</p>
<p>“I’d like another portion of curly fries. They are excellent.” She smiled at me and ran away, only to return moments later.</p>
<p>“These are freshly made. I took them from another order.” She stood there as if expecting something. So, I pointed at the opposite chair.</p>
<p>“Would you like to join me?” She looked around and then sat down. “I hope this won’t be a problem.”</p>
<p>“Oh, no, my shift is over. I just stayed because the other girl was late.”</p>
<p>“Would you like some?” She reached and took one piece of potato, dipped it in sauce, and then chewed on it, looking into my eyes. This was the first time I really looked at her. She had a perfectly symmetrical face with an ideal bone structure, giving her that look you often see in fashion models—the perfect eyebrow arch, nose, and thin yet perfectly formed lips with ideal teeth. She was a natural dirty blonde, and her hair looked thick and healthy, covering half of her back.</p>
<p>“I am Tara,” she introduced herself. It was unnecessary, as I could read her name, but I was pleased she took the initiative. Tara was really tall and slim, almost bony, about five-ten, I would guess. Her body looked willowy, perfectly symmetrical, just like her face. I found it ironic that she worked at Hooters, as from what I could see, her breasts were a handful, maybe a bit bigger, which only completed the picture.</p>
<p>“I am truly sorry about how we treated you yesterday.” I wanted to start with an apology. It had bothered me for a long time. This wasn’t who I was and not someone I wanted to become. I asked myself what kind of example I would be for my children and didn’t like the answer. Tara looked at me and brushed it off.</p>
<p>“No, I am sorry. I was the rude one. I just had the most terrible news. Your tip saved me.” And so, our friendship began. We purposely avoided discussing her life. I didn’t want to bring up any sadness. At one point, one of the girls approached us and whispered something to Tara.</p>
<p>“Would you mind if I go and come back? I have to change.” She almost ran away, returning ten minutes later. I could barely recognise her wearing an old t-shirt and a cheap denim jacket in the worn-out jeans and dirty sneakers. She reminded me of the style of dress in the early nineties: bushy hair, blowing chewing gum bubbles under disco balls with ABBA’s “Dancing Queen“ playing in the background.</p>
<p>She burst into giggles when I told her that, explaining that I was overshot by a mile. Tara was a child of the new millennium, only eighteen, turning nineteen in a few months. For her, Microsoft Windows and iPhones always existed. She was a child of the internet who had never even heard of ABBA.</p>
<p>There must have been some story that explained her life, a journey from there to here, and I was curious but didn’t want to pry too much. We had just met. I was a stranger, and she was practically a child, barely an adult, navigating the complexities of real life, finding her place under the stars, her destiny. Judging by her work, I wasn’t sure she was on the right track. I would never let my daughter work in a place called Hooters instead of studying at the university. That made me a hypocrite for being a guest there.</p>
<p>Tara must have really wanted to talk to someone, and perhaps because I was so generous the last time, she felt I was kind and safe. Maybe it was because of the girls with me. They weren’t much older than her, but they looked so stylish and beautiful, so smitten with me. Perhaps she felt the girls were good judges of character, and if they gave me so much attention and love, then I was safe. Whatever the reason, she told me her story, at least partially.</p>
<p>I was right; Tara was a model. At least, she used to be until she got fired some three months ago. When she was ten, her uncle noticed she was beautiful and signed her up for a local pageant, which she won. Tara’s uncle was her legal guardian. Her mother died in childbirth, and her father died in a tractor accident. They lived on a farm somewhere; from what I gathered, it was a lonely place.</p>
<p>At the age of twelve, Tara got a big modelling contract in Japan for a year, after which she got another at thirteen to work in China. At fifteen, she moved to Milan and worked there throughout her teens. After that, she landed a job in New York, and from there, she shifted to LA.</p>
<p>One would think she had it made, and her career was set in the stars, but she made little money, barely breaking even at the end of the month. Everyone hears about the millions of dollars some top models make, but only a few know it was all practically a scam for the others.</p>
<p>Tara explained that when models are “on stay,” the agency provides them with a place to live, food, transportation, and more. They take fifty per cent of their earnings, and then their mother agency takes twenty per cent of what is left. At the end of the month, she is charged for room and food at unrealistic prices, and that gets deducted from her billable, resulting in just enough cash to keep her ticking over, some of it sent back to her family to help out.</p>
<p>In a sense, Tara lived on the road since she was eleven, saw the world, explored, and tried many things, but never made enough money to truly live. The world was always outside her reach. All of it came to a halt about three months ago. When she was eighteen, Tara started working in a strip bar, at first as a bartender, but soon enough as a dancer. She needed to make some money.</p>
<p>One day, she was alone in a room with a customer, performing a private lap dance. The camera was supposed to be broken, but it wasn’t. The guy offered her a thousand dollars for just a blowjob, and she accepted. She was desperate. Instantly, the doors burst open, and she was arrested. It was a sting operation by the vice, and she ended up in court with a prostitution record and a suspended sentence.</p>
<p>The modelling agency found out, and her contract was terminated, and she was blacklisted. None of the clients want their product to be associated with a prostitute. The worst part was that the word trickled down to Pennsylvania, the Amish country where she was from, and everyone knew she was a prostitute. Tara was stuck in LA without the option to move forward or return. Even prostitution was out of the question as the terms of her sentence would make her serve it in full, plus all the charges of being a repeat offender. It was a nightmare.</p>
<p>I didn’t want to listen to it anymore. Tara was so young and full of potential, and her options were reduced to none. It doesn’t take much to calculate the trajectory of her life following the statistical model. It was heartbreaking.</p>
<p>“Are you hungry?” I asked, and she shook her head, but her eyes spoke the truth. So, I convinced her to come with me to another place. I took her to a fancy restaurant and told her she could order anything she liked. “Not hungry, my ass.“ She was starved, ordering three dishes and a cake at the end. However, her stomach couldn’t take so much, so I asked them to pack it as a takeaway.</p>
<p>I could see the disdain on the waiter’s face. This wasn’t the place that served the homeless. Tara wasn’t homeless, but she might as well have been, living in a shit hole, inside a rat hole, inside a dump at the end of a garbage street full of druggies and tramps, next to the old liquor store on a filthy road in the wrong part of town.</p>
<p>The three hundred I gave her was for the back rent. She was getting evicted from this terrible place. It would be funny if it wasn’t sad. How does one get evicted from a trash can? When the time came for me to leave, Tara looked at me with her big blue eyes. She looked so sweet and pleasant, so helpless. It was all a part of manipulation, the emotional game she learned to play over the years on everyone around her.</p>
<p>The story she told me was true but presented in the best way. After going through training with Dan, I could recognise another player, except that she learned her craft through personal failure. It may upset most people to be manipulated this way, but Tara did what she could. It was the only way for her to survive. She wasn’t this poor little kid left helpless to fend for herself. When she showed me her place, she overplayed her hand. Nobody without street smarts could survive here. Tara was shrewd and intelligent, but she was still just a kid without the depth and breadth of real-life experience, not just what happened to her in places.</p>
<p>I expected that and retrieved some cash from the ATM when I excused myself from the restaurant to go to the toilet. As the taxi waited, I handed her five hundred bucks and my titanium business card. Her thanks were fake, but her eyes couldn’t lie about the emotional turmoil inside. It meant much more to her than she allowed herself to show me. Tara was hanging by a thread, surviving from day to day, and this money bought her another week or two of her life.</p>
<p>What was the plan then? I wondered, knowing the answer. There was no plan, no future. She would keep doing what she did, hoping a miracle would happen. Then she’d stumble one day and fall without a cushion, and life would get a little worse. Then it would happen again. That’s what all the statistical records show about the problems of the indigent. It is a little-known fact that once you hit the bottom, there is no way up. With all the government programs and people to help, too much is broken, too many things have happened, and people slide back into nothingness.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>I was in the mood that day, pondering life from different sides. It’s an easy trap to fall into and care and expend your energy to help someone. How does one fill a black hole? With each shovel of shit you throw in, it just gets bigger and darker, hungrier. Poor Tara couldn’t even go back to being a stripper, as she was banned from such places, and who would want her anyway? A stripper who didn’t do private dances and wasn’t the best or the most experienced waitress was a liability. It’s so sad how life turns out sometimes. It was as if the system was designed to push first offenders into a life of crime.</p>
<p>After finishing a strong drink at the hotel bar, I made my way upstairs to meet the girls. I needed something sharp to wash out the taste in my mouth and cut through the emotional spiral I felt for Tara.</p>
<p>The music played loud as I entered the apartment, and the girls were already in the tub enjoying the hot water. They squealed with smiles, waving me over to join them, so I quickly discarded my clothes and landed in the water. For the next five minutes, all I could hear was noise until the girls synchronised to tell me what happened after they left. Obviously, they had a nice day out and couldn’t stop jumping from one topic to another.</p>
<p>Rylee and Callie had an exciting day indeed. The driver took them to the meeting point, where the tourist guides took over. They boarded an open-top bus that drove around the place. At the same time, the guide kept them laughing with amusing anecdotes about the city, its history, and its residents.</p>
<p>The girls lapped it all up, taking a million pictures wherever they stopped until the bus reached the studios and the guide took them around. Out of nowhere, a well-dressed woman in her early thirties approached the girls and took them away to the amusement of other tourists. Some even took their pictures.</p>
<p>She introduced herself as Simone and worked as Gareth’s assistant. Simone explained that the girls were in luck, as she was there anyway. They were shooting another rom-com in one of the halls, and a couple of their talents were on the set. Simone came to check on them, as they had some questions about the scene relating to contracts and legality.</p>
<p>Simone took them around, giving them a look at the place reserved for studio employees and related staff. The girls went out of their minds, working their phones extra hard for about the hour the tour lasted.</p>
<p>“If you promise to make yourself invisible, I can take you to see the live set.” After a series of squeals and swearing allegiances, Simone took Rylee and Callie the roundabout way through the back entrances and brought them to the place.</p>
<p>Everyone there was in their natural element—the actors and cameras, the director in his chair, the assistants, and the sound guy, a whole group of people standing back in silence. It was like a dream for the two young ladies, and they recorded everything, especially themselves, with the film set in the background.</p>
<p>Everything went fine for a while. The scene was cut and repeated, and then disaster happened. In an effort to fit herself into the frame, Callie stepped too far and knocked over the table with refreshments. A bottle of Pepsi fell to the floor and launched. The director called “stop“ with an irate voice, and all the faces turned to the poor teenager soaked in drinks, cake, and potato crisps from head to toe.</p>
<p>It was hard to stay serious after that, especially seeing the distress on Callie’s face. She didn’t know whether to scream or cry, trying to keep silent. Then, a plate teetering on the brink of the table finally tipped over and crashed.</p>
<p>The crowd burst into laughter, and everyone clapped. It was like a scene from a silent movie, and Callie’s face turned to tears. A kind lady stepped in and helped, leading her to the back where the wardrobe was. Someone called a break, and everyone wanted to know who the two blonde intruders were.</p>
<p>Rylee didn’t know what to say, so all eyes went to Simone. Trying to get herself out of trouble, she fibbed, telling them a story about bringing a potential talent the agency was looking at and suggesting that the girls could be used in the show. She missed the mark, and instead of getting dismissed, the director wanted to look at the two girls again.</p>
<p>An hour later, he took both as featured extras after giving them a line to read and memorise. This caused all sorts of problems with contracts, indemnities, and insurance. What would filmmaking turn into without the lawyers? Luckily, everyone was in good spirits, and when the girls recognised with whom they would be acting, all of it turned into a big sideshow.</p>
<p>After the break, they reshot the scene, then shot another, and it was the girls’ big moment. It took only two tries, and they became actresses. When the director told them that, both of them cried, hugged him, and thanked him forever.</p>
<p>All’s well that ends well, and after the day closed, a group of people, including the actors, were planning to get a drink and a snack somewhere to wind down and get ready for the next day. The girls were invited and naturally agreed, so the group took them to a pub actors like to frequent. It was the worst-kept secret of the acting community. The place was filled with recognisable faces and many more wannabes. It was a sort of private club where only people in the business or their guests were allowed to enter.</p>
<p>The girls went nuts and pestered everyone with their phones to such an extent that some people from the other tables joined them. Pretty much everyone knew each other, and the girls introduced themselves, snapping pics and updating their Instagram pages until the group had to leave.</p>
<p>In just a short time, the two managed to get at least twenty actors to follow them. They recognised the pictures of the girls with the more famous celebrities, and of course, they added each other as friends. It was a primer on networking, and the girls played it to the tee.</p>
<p>Throughout the day, I was curious about what was happening. I felt the phone jerking in my hands every minute until I got annoyed and put it into aeroplane mode. I was trying to pay attention to what Dan was teaching me, not spend my time looking at the damn thing.</p>
<p>I just assumed the girls were getting more followers, and when they told me how many, I almost whistled in awe. Their plan to become actresses was working out just fine. They wanted to visit LA and try to imagine everything that happened there. It turns out they got much more than expected, and they were crazy excited.</p>
<p>My training was over, but not the holiday, and I would spend it better than ever before. I pulled the girls by hand to the bedroom and took a champagne bottle from the minibar. The girls smiled at me, knowing what came next.</p>

</body>
</html>
