<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 17 - It’s who I am</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 17 - It’s who I am</h2>
<p>Imagine waking up to warm Californian sunshine gently caressing your face as you lay on a perfect, spacious bed with soft white linen and two gorgeous, naked blondes—one nineteen and the other twenty-one—sleeping, embracing your sides with their heads touching as they rest on your chest. I couldn’t imagine it in a million years, and I couldn’t imagine anything that happened.</p>
<p>All the things Dan and I talked about still buzzed inside my head, especially the last part about the “hooker game.” Dan explained that it was because the mindset of a high-calibre woman who uses her natural beauty exclusively to get what she wants is similar to the mindset of a career prostitute. This mindset applied to a wide variety of women, ranging from models and strippers to actual prostitutes. They are masters at separating the body from the mind and segregating anything related to physical pleasure from anything with an emotional context.</p>
<p>I wanted to get into it, but Dan was rushing, plus he said it would take a long time to grasp all those concepts. Even the little he said gave me a hint to look in the right direction. So many times, I replayed every detail of my interaction with Casandra in the greatest detail, and now, looking at what Dan told me, I could see the signs of truth in it. Was that why the split, the incongruity, occurred when Cassie told me she wasn’t a prostitute? Was that the cut in her personality that made her unstable?</p>
<p>“Look at me,” I thought and chuckled, analysing people like some sort of an expert. I had no clue what I was talking about. Going to therapy for a year doesn’t make one an expert. This time, as always, I’d have to trust Dan and his experience and wait for my turn to get everything sorted.</p>
<p>The girls slept like logs, still exhausted from the night. I quietly extracted myself from their grasp and showered, enjoying the day. They looked like two angels when I looked at them. I didn’t have the heart to tell them today was my birthday. I was forty-two now, which meant I had the answer to life, the universe, and everything, like in Douglas Adams’ novel, but what was the question, I wondered?</p>
<p>There was no mystery there. I knew exactly what I wanted as my present. This time, I skipped breakfast, too excited to sit down and wait. I took a cup of coffee with me as the hotel car took me to the motorcycle dealership.</p>
<p>It was stupid, of course, borderline insane, but all my life, I denied my urges. I passed my bike test a long time ago without anyone knowing, and in the years since, nobody caught up on it. It was just there in plain sight, right on my driver’s license, yet nobody saw it, no matter how often they looked.</p>
<p>On the other hand, buying a bike was a big no-no in my world. Everyone in my life went mad, even when I suggested it as a joke, but now I was free of that yoke and decided this would be the day. Ever since I could remember, I never wanted anything else, only a bike, and I couldn’t have one. This wasn’t so much a realisation of my childhood dream as much as an act of defiance, a clear-cut in my life where Jim of the past was no more.</p>
<p>I’ve changed so much over the past months, and no matter what, I wasn’t going back. I had a quarter million pounds in my personal savings account after the divorce. Tina got nothing because she got the house. At least the judge was reasonable enough to accept the equitable divorce. The house we lived in was well over a half million pounds, and she got it all, free and clear, but I got to keep the money to start my new life. It was good that I didn’t convert all of it into gold, which I considered doing at some point.</p>
<p>Since that day, I just worked and existed for a year, adding another hundred-and-fifty grand to my savings account. Since my spending spree, I blew just over a hundred and a bit, leaving me with about three hundred left. I wasn’t going bankrupt just yet, so I afforded myself one capricious purchase for my birthday to celebrate the change and being alive.</p>
<p>The car stopped at the dealership just as they opened. I was their first customer for the day. A salesperson came my way, mildly disinterested, stretching his body and sipping his coffee. It takes a little convincing to buy a new motorcycle, what with the financing agreement and the insurance. It made sense.</p>
<p>“I’m not walking home from here. Now, tell me which bike is for sale so I don’t waste my time.” The man choked, and suddenly, his demeanour changed. He offered me bottled water and a cup of coffee, which I accepted. A cute female assistant came over, all smiles, bringing me a drink and making me feel welcome.</p>
<p>The salesman started his spiel, but I shushed him, going from bike to bike, examining all of them, imagining which one I could see myself riding until I pointed to the pedestal at a custom grey Ducati XDiavel S with all the bits and bobs.</p>
<p>“I want that one.” The guy swallowed, trying to say something.</p>
<p>“But, sir, this is a showroom model.” I looked at him and shook my head. The guy swallowed again and asked me to wait. He had to call his boss to check.</p>
<p>“My boss will be here in twenty minutes. Would you need anything else?”</p>
<p>“I’ll need a full kit,” I said, and the guy smiled. He could help me with that. He led me around the shop. I tried helmets, jackets, bike shoes, backpacks, and everything a biker needs to ride, including some branded apparel for fun.</p>
<p>“Hi, I’m Tony Jackson. I understand you’re interested in our top model.” I made it clear that I had no intention of waiting, pointing out it was my birthday and I wanted to go for a ride. Perhaps he thought I would be willing to order and wait, and I tried to squash that idea before it manifested itself.</p>
<p>Tony mulled it over for a while, typing something into his calculator. He was probably considering a price for replacing his top showroom model and would rather not lose a sale.</p>
<p>“I can let you have it for this,” he said, turning the calculator around. I shrugged, pointing at the pile of clothes, and said, “Throw this in, and we have a deal.” Tony clicked and clacked some more and gave in. We shook hands, and I gave him my card. Tip-tip, tap-tap, it went through, and I was thirty grand poorer. We completed all the paperwork and the insurance, and forty minutes later, I was on the road, heading somewhere—the destination didn’t matter.</p>
<p>The damn thing was loud, and I took it to the interstate and opened it up a little. It was the best feeling in life, the most joyous sense of freedom I could imagine. And to think I would spend my entire life without trying something so incredible would be a travesty. I passed a few bikers on the road, and they waved to me.</p>
<p>Suddenly, I felt like a part of a brotherhood of all bikers worldwide. Like it or not, I was one of them. I put it into sports mode, released the throttle so the engine would recalibrate, and the next time I added power, the bike practically flew. For a brief moment, I thought I would get a speeding ticket, going almost a hundred and fifty in a sixty-five limit. I didn’t give a fuck anymore. I was celebrating my birthday, so I opened it up even more and raced until I got tired, then exited the motorway and ventured into the side streets, trying to find a way to the beach.</p>
<p>I got lost somewhere and didn’t care, so I stopped in an open area and watched some guys play an early basketball game while leaning on my bike. After some time, they noticed me, and one of the guys pointed his finger. Three big black guys approached me to admire my wheels.</p>
<p>“You lost, homie?” one of them asked, and I told them that indeed I was, but I was just riding around. You know, it could be dangerous for a white boy around here.“</p>
<p>”Why’s that? This looks like a nice, quiet place.“ They looked at me like I had fallen from a tree. Then someone asked, ”Where are you from?“</p>
<p>”London,“ All of them whooped and smiled, saying, ”Manchester United.“ I didn’t know soccer was a big thing in America. Apparently, I was wrong. These guys were fans.</p>
<p>”Sweet ride, man,“ one of them said. I moved aside and let him sit and try it out. Immediately, the phones came out, and everyone took a snap with the bike. They were nice guys who explained to me the different areas of LA, which parts were dangerous, and to whom and why.</p>
<p>”You’re alright, mate,“ another one said, mimicking a London accent. It was fun, so I high-fived him for the effort, so much for the alleged racial tensions. They just proved my point about the politics exporting racism. People are people everywhere, no matter the colour or shape; there are good ones and bad ones everywhere. If you love and treat others as your extended family, they will welcome you into their lives and share everything.</p>
<p>Sometimes, you watch American films, and they make it seem like cities are a war zone with gangs and police killing each other, like something from a Kurt Russell movie, wearing an eye patch, trying to escape LA. The guys said their goodbyes and pointed me to the beach. I rode there, parked my bike by the sand, and just watched the waves, eating an ice cream and enjoying the sunshine.</p>
<p>Strollers would pass by, admiring my bike. It was an easy buy. The dealership promised to put it on a plane and bring it to London for me. Apparently, it was done all the time, but I preferred having California plates. I promised myself that someday I would come back and ride across this beautiful country up and down, visiting most states. It would be an adventure of a lifetime, something to do before I died.</p>
<p>It was a perfect moment for clarity, to take a deep, hard look at myself. All the things I did and all the things I said shaped my reality. I got much more comfortable with my new persona over time. Still, the disconnect, the core of my identity, didn’t change much, if at all. This impulse purchase was the first time I felt in touch with my core beyond what I was trying to project. Behind the masks, layered atop each other, each hiding a different face, was me, I, the essence of my existence.</p>
<p>Like Jack said, it wasn’t Dan or all the knowledge that made me connect but letting go of myself and the detachment from things and people in my life. The game must play out regardless of the numbers. Trying to affect the result by pushing yourself and willing the universe to change is a silly thing to attempt.</p>
<p>In moments of detachment, one finds clarity, a vision of life, the past and the future, a road leading from one side to another, covered by mist. That’s why Jack said one needed faith, to believe in the world and himself, to seek out the answers to unasked questions. Who am I? Why am I here?</p>
<p>This was the first thing Dan asked me, and I didn’t know how to answer, but I had a glimpse since. I barely saw myself now, like a contour of the person I was under all that. This is what the bike was for, a purely selfish thought, just me, the man below the now sleek and polished exterior.</p>
<p>Montana, what a book, I thought. It had nothing to do with anything but also everything I missed. I watched the sand and the waves, and they started to look like a prairie, and the little gusts of wind shaped them. Everything was connected to the earth on this planet, the Terra firma. If one looked from far enough away, everything turned into an island. We gave them names; we called them continents. Everything starts to make sense when put into context.</p>
<p>If someone asked me who I was, I would tell them that I was alive, perfect in my own imperfection, like a drawing of a father by a child using a crayon. That is how I saw myself now; it was the closest to the truth. Everything else on top of me was just makeup to make myself more attractive to the world, like an onion with many layers or a cabbage that you peel forever, like a book of many pages written in a language you can’t understand.</p>
<p>My previous life looked like such a book at this moment, immortalized in pen by Charles Baudelaire: ”Je t’aime surtout quand la joie s’enfuit de ton front terrassé; quand ton coeur dans l’horreur se noie; quand sur ton présent se déploie. Le nuage affreux du passé.“</p>
<p>From the other side of a window, looking out, all the little raindrops that stopped there for a moment to pool and slide, like kids at the playground, made me wonder what happens when you are gone. Is there life after you die? And if there was, could I see the other side? Or is it more like a dream within a dream when you wake from one into another?</p>
<p>That day before I died, I went for a walk one last time to see the world as it was and remember its smell before I got home and saw it all fade away. I swore an oath to live if I got a winning lottery ticket, and as predicted, I lost, and I laughed. The same luck followed me my entire life. I didn’t want it anymore.</p>
<p>At the slope of the hill, I found a pub open till late, where I ordered the last pint of Guinness in my life. I then sipped it, watching the people laugh and argue. So fleeting, this thing people call life. Later that night, when I went to bed, I lit a candle and said my last prayer. I said goodbye to the world and those I loved, closed my eyes and died.</p>
<p>The following morning, as I opened my eyes, the day was crisp and sunny, like another life, another chance at doing things differently. ”Who am I?“ I asked, but the world kept quiet. ”I am who I decide to be,“ I declared. I took the first step, a bigger one, and then another.</p>
<p>I got up from the sand, put my helmet back on, sat on the bike, revved the engine, and rode through the streets of LA, knowing for the first time that life had just begun.</p>
<p>”Happy birthday, Jimmy,“ I congratulated myself for making it this far, crossing the line and starting a new life. Some would say I was middle-aged, but my clock had reset. This was the zero coordinate, the starting point of my new life, and everything that would happen after would be of my design. I was living again, taking control of my life.</p>
<p>The girls were still lazing in bed when I arrived. It was already lunchtime, and the attractive creatures clung to me like limpets. I could live like this, I thought and smiled. All the self-consciousness I felt about my sexual prowess vanished. The girls didn’t think I was some sort of loser for orgasming too early. I understood logically it was just a matter of practice, but the years of insecurities levied their price, and the girls healed me from that in just one passionate night.</p>
<p>It was strange how the two followed me everywhere like puppies. They loved to cuddle at night and just breathe in my scent. After the intense orgasms, I gave them the last time when I licked them for hours, they seemed much more sexual with me than ever before, and after I started flirting with them, it just went into overdrive.</p>
<p>This made me realise that there is a permanent sexual tension between men and women, a kind of forever interplay, a sexual innuendo where we continuously seduce each other. If you keep it up and mix in the highs with your lows, women will feel that they have your attention, making your life much more unpredictable.</p>
<p>I loved all of them, my buddies, my friends, my sexual partners. I was running out of words to describe them. The girls made me feel great, and I reciprocated. It was a pleasure spending every minute of our time with them. Some say quality over quantity, and I agree with that, but who said every moment couldn’t be a quality one, and if it’s not, then why? What’s the point of life when you focus all your attention on spinning the plates.</p>
<p>”You did what?“ The girls squealed when I told them I bought a motorbike. It was so different from pretty much everyone in my past life. All they wanted to do was to see it, skip the food, skip everything. After a quick shower, the girls wore their sexy cutoff jeans and bandana tops and followed me to the garage, where I parked my new toy.</p>
<p>”It is so beautiful,“ they squealed, jumping around like teenagers. It was wise to have enough foresight to buy an extra helmet their size.</p>
<p>”Who wants to go first?“</p>
<p>”Me, me,“ they chimed. The Italians knew what they were doing when designing this motorcycle. The pillion seat was so narrow and small, designed for slim, perfect butts of women like fashion models. Ducati ensured nobody made pictures of hefty women sitting on their bikes. It was terrible for the brand, making me chuckle. The cheekiness and a discrete ”fuck you“ finger, mainly to the American manufacturers.</p>
<p>In fact, when I first sat on the XDiavel S, it felt like I was on a Harley Davidson V-Rod. It had a very similar feel to it, and almost the same geometry. In an attempt to attract younger customers, the company allegedly gave their large V-Twin engine to Porsche who tuned it and water-cooled it and worked together to design a brand new type of a low-rider inspired by dragsters. It was a blast, the first of its kind, super innovative.</p>
<p>Ducati probably saw all that, said, ”Hold my beer,“ and showed them how it’s done, coming up with the first-of-its-kind techno-cruiser motorcycle that turns into an absolute monster at the press of a button to engage all hundred-and-fifty horses. Who knows, maybe that was the reason the V-Rod was discontinued. The boomers didn’t like it and were still stuck in the old Marlboro man mentality.</p>
<p>A flip of a coin decided Callie would ride with me while Rylee would take a car to the beach. On my way there, I saw a fancy restaurant, and I thought it would be a nice place to sit down and have a meal. Callie screamed in joy all the way, holding onto me for dear life. We didn’t go that fast in the first place, but none of it mattered. The tiny seat at the back made her feel like she would slide off at any moment, so she held on to me tooth and nail while the adrenaline did what it did.</p>
<p>When we finally parked, and Callie took off her helmet, she was flushed red. Her eyes were sparkling like blue diamonds, and when we kissed, she bit my ear and whispered, ”I am so wet.“ I knew it! The bike was a perfect purchase, a birthday gift that kept on giving.</p>
<p>We sat down and ordered drinks, and after some twenty-odd minutes, the car arrived, and Rylee joined us. The two little revolutionaries whispered and conspired something. From their body language, I imagined they talked about the bike ride and how it felt. I felt pretty good about myself, living the life without regrets.</p>
<p>If someone told me that one day I would have the coolest bike and make love practically the entire night to a gorgeous teenager and her best friend, I would laugh at that. The idea would seem to me as far-fetched as obscene. Nothing even remotely could have happened to who I was before.</p>
<p>Oddly enough, the new James, the Jim of today, was this man. This was day zero; this was the new baseline. Anything lower than this, and I was sliding back, and there was nothing in the world that could make me be okay with that. This was my new life. I was who I was at this very moment. Whatever happened before belonged to history, a cautionary tale, never to be repeated or missed.</p>
<p>My phone rang, which was strange. It was Gareth. He called to thank me for the pen and to tell me how much and when the girls would get paid for their extra work in a movie scene. He mentioned that now, due to the haphazard way everything happened, the girls had the agency contracts and asked me if they would mind doing some photos and videos for their profile. When I asked, the girls squealed, and I shared my plans with Gareth.</p>
<p>”Leave it with me,“ he said, promising to work around my schedule. He thanked me again for the thoughtful present, and we said our goodbyes. It’s funny how sometimes the universe guides you because you said ”yes“ instead of walking away. The two cute blondes were now officially actresses represented by a major Hollywood talent agency. They hadn’t figured it out yet, but I was sure it would get to them—the colossal opportunity this was for their future.</p>
<p>The waiter suggested spaghetti and meatballs, so we had the same with an extra serving of parmesan cheese for the girls and a bottle of red wine. Nobody even bothered to ask for the girls’ age. We got the bottle and three wine glasses.</p>
<p>As people passed my bike parked outside, they oohed and aahed, even took pictures. Some peered inside and saw a guy with a biker jacket and two super hot, almost naked babes. They completed the picture of pure hedonism on two wheels. Deep inside, I knew everything wasn’t as it seemed, but I didn’t care.</p>
<p>The law of parsimony suggests that when presented with two equally plausible explanations for one phenomenon, the simpler one tends to be correct. Drawing a parallel to that, one could postulate an extension—not for scientific but social purposes. When presented with two equally plausible explanations for something that happened, choose to believe the one that is useful to you and stop looking for the correct one. I finally understood that lesson, thanking Jack and Dan and everyone in my life who made me understand that what’s real is often overrated. It’s okay to live in your own fantasy bubble. It seems to be all the rage today, with people claiming that gender is an arbitrary social concept and we could all be what we like, even if we can’t define what it is. At least that’s what the school teachers told my children. What’s good for the goose is good for the gander.</p>
<p>Jack was right in the end; below everything, underpinning reality was identity—who we knew ourselves to be. It sets the scene and one’s reality. It framed reality in a way that defined everything real in our life. In a sense, I became a believer and joined the woke by transitioning as well. I became a trans-existentialist, engineering my entire existence through my own will from one identity to another. All that was left was to choose my pronouns, and both were void. I refused to be defined by language. I transcended this by reinventing myself and becoming something greater, an essence that defies definition or categorisation. I became the superlative. My pronouns could only be expressed by punctuation—a question mark or an apostrophe. I saw the light and crossed over to the dark side.</p>
<p>It was Rylee’s time to ride while Callie took a car. She screamed less than Callie but held on just as hard. We went from place to place, checking the city out, walking around, eating ice cream, kissing in public, and having a great time. The whole day turned into my personal celebration of the new life.</p>
<p>In the end, after a fancy steak dinner, we ended up at home. The girls had something in mind, so they sent me to shower, lay on the bed, and close my eyes. They took a shower, messed around with something, and then told me to look up. Both wore long, shiny red wrapping tape made of silk, ending in a bow tie at their navel. Rylee carried a small chocolate cake with a flaming candle on top.</p>
<p>”Happy birthday, Jim,“ the girls chirped while walking toward me, looking so pretty and exquisite. I took a bit of the cake with my finger and tasted it. It was sweet and delightful, and the girls lay on the bed, looking sexy, knowing what would come next. I didn’t know how they’d figured it out, but those little minxes had their own way. The entire day was a big celebration of my birthday, and they all had a role to play. I just smiled, looking at two angels with perfect charms hidden beneath the red silken tape. I chuckled and said, mimicking a wolf, ”I can’t wait to unwrap my presents,“ two little red riding hoods instead of one.</p>

</body>
</html>
