<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 18 - Road trip</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 18 - Road trip</h2>
<p>There is no time like the present. I felt like I was truly on holiday for the first time ever. There is something to be said about life change, and I was enjoying mine, intent on turning it up a notch and having a blast. If this was my only chance at enjoyment, I wanted it to count. So, I crammed all the crazy ideas I had into one week of my life.</p>
<p>The girls got a bit drunk last night after we killed two bottles of champagne between us. In the end, as we collapsed on the bed, sweaty and exhausted, the girls admitted it was the best sex in their lives. I wish I could take the credit for that, but the girls crossed the mental barrier and kissed each other while we were making love. It turned them on to finally consume their most carnal fantasies, and I was happy to be there for a moment. Sex with one girl is fantastic, but with two, it is better. I heard people say it many times, and I was sceptical, but now I could attest to that. Who could have wished for a better birthday present?</p>
<p>“Nooo,” Callie begged as I pulled her across the bed by her ankles. “Please, just ten more minutes.” I was a merciless bastard who only cared about himself. It was the threat of crushed ice that finally made them get up and take a shower. I purposely switched on the cold water as I joined them, and they squealed, trying to run away, but I blocked the door, and for some ten seconds, we bathed in ice-cold water.</p>
<p>“Nothing like cold water to get your blood flowing,” I said, and the girls gave me an evil eye. I apologised, but they pouted.</p>
<p>“I guess I’ll have to drive to San Diego alone then.” Squeals restarted. They climbed on top of me, trying to strangle me for torturing them, but they were excited. By the time we finished breakfast, the girls were rearing to go, nudging me forward. I was experimenting with the teasing, learning how the flirting worked. It frustrated the girls, made them laugh and upset them like an emotional rollercoaster, and they loved every moment.</p>
<p>That was what Dan meant when talking about the energy. So far, I had this distinguished middle-aged man aura about me. As soon as I started flirting with them, the girls switched on and wanted to play. I challenged them, setting up traps when we played little games, then laughed at them, frustrated them, and then back: pushed, pulled them in, and out. I kept them on their toes, and it worked better. I could see how deeply they were emotionally invested.</p>
<p>On our way out, I paid for the stay, and the drivers took us to a specialist car rental place, thanks to the appointment made by the Vertu concierge. I wanted something different. As soon as I saw it on the internet, I knew I had to have it. The boss of the place welcomed me and offered drinks. I politely declined, eager to get moving.</p>
<p>He led me through rows of parked exclusive sports vehicles without further ado. I thought to myself—forget Lamborghini, Ferrari, and all that la-dee-dah. There was only one real man’s car there, and I could feel my anticipation grow as we walked. At the end of the row, ready to depart, was a brand new GMC Hummer Electric, fully kitted out. It was white and imposing, styled like a pickup truck.</p>
<p>The girls squealed and climbed all over it. I shrugged, and the boss smiled as they explored the area. I almost apologised, watching the girls touch every vehicle, taking photos and selfies with the most luxurious cars available. There was a row of Bugattis right by the corner, but I was looking at something much more valuable: a real gem of gems, an original AC Cobra fully restored. Even finding one was next to impossible. Any cretin with cash could buy the others, but this one was a true collector’s item.</p>
<p>“Is that for rent?” I asked, already knowing the answer. The man simply shook his head and searched for the papers. He took pictures of my passport and a scan of my credit card, processed payment, and blocked out a deposit just to make sure. This gave the girls enough time to take all the photos they wanted. We loaded our suitcases into the back, the girls flipped a coin to decide who would ride up front, and off we went.</p>
<p>It was my first electric car, and I already knew what I wanted for Christmas. While still in the lot, I tried out features like the crab walk and was almost overwhelmed with excitement. Parallel parking this car would be as easy as parking a beetle. Everything just worked. The car looked perfect, and inside, the blend of industrial and science-fiction interior beckoned. It was as if the car itself whispered, “Drive me, use me.” I was intent on doing just that.</p>
<p>The best part was that the roof was removable. I could take off the glass sky panels, store them in the front compartment, and then drive off to enjoy the sunny California experience. Built like a military vehicle yet faster than a Lamborghini, it offered zero emissions and was carbon neutral. At the back of the Hummer, there was just enough space to place my motorcycle if I loaded it up sideways. This meant that, in theory, I could take the Hummer anywhere and bring my bike along for the journey.</p>
<p>I wanted to try this, so the rental company helped me load my Ducati at the back. They showed me how to secure it properly with wheelchocks and ratchet tie-down straps. Once everything was good and secure, I sat down with Rylee in the front, and we set off for the adventure of a lifetime.</p>
<p>After I got used to how the car moved, we picked up speed, and the girls woo-hood as we entered the interstate. San Diego wasn’t too far of a drive, but all of us were excited as if we were taking Route 66. At one of the gas stations, I had taken the roof down, and we basked in the great Californian weather. I didn’t drive fast, sticking to speed limits and enjoying myself immensely.</p>
<p>Along the way, we’d often see people in other cars staring at us and sometimes waving. We waved back and shared our smiles. It was a perfect holiday. Somewhere along the line, I veered off the interstate in search of a slower but more scenic route. I didn’t want to use the navigation, so I just winged it with a map, purposely wishing to get lost a little and see what the place had to offer, even by accident.</p>
<p>This is how we ended up in Rancho Bernardo and followed the roads down to Solana Beach, where we stopped. It took us only a minute to change into our beach clothes and run onto the sands where a bunch of people surfed. The girls wanted to try, and some guys offered to show them. I took a short swim in the water and watched them trying to get up on the board and falling down.</p>
<p>The guys took their chances and flirted with the girls, unsure how far they could take it. Rylee told me later that one of them asked if I was their father, but she said we were Mormons from Salt Lake City who had just moved to California, and both were married to me. The girls giggled like crazy, telling me the story and the expressions on the guys’ faces. After they had enough fun pulling their legs, the girls let them down easily, and everyone laughed.</p>
<p>After the surfing lesson finished and everyone was tired and chilly, Rylee and Callie joined me on the sand, lying on the towels and catching some sunshine. Their new surfer buddies joined us with their friends. Probably disbelieving anything the girls said, Callie kissed me, followed by Rylee, which confused everyone even more.</p>
<p>It was a fun crowd of mostly young guys, although three surfer girls joined us as well, and when the guys figured out that it was our Hummer parked nearby, they bombarded us with questions and wanted to make friends. It was all good, clean, fun, and we laughed a lot. One of the girls from the group of surfers asked if we wanted to join her at the beach bar later. They had a bikini competition, and she thought Rylee and Callie had a chance. We agreed and got the details before everyone vanished for another round of surf practice.</p>
<p>“Come on, let’s get you ready for the competition,” I said. The girls didn’t know what I meant, but they soon figured it out as we reached the fashion village. They complained, saying what they had was enough, not wanting me to spend more cash, but I was adamant and dragged them to a store where I picked up two of the riskiest bikini types and had the girls pose in them for me. They were perfect, yellow and white. Both looked more exposed than if they had worn nothing at all.</p>
<p>As we did that, I noticed a lingerie shop on the other side with the Agent Provocateur brand. In my past life, I spent so much time browsing catalogues with female shoes and clothes, looking for that perfect gift for Valentine’s Day. I knew that brand and their lingerie looked the sexiest, but my ex hated it. She said she would look like a slut. Irony, it seems, has a symmetry. I walked across with a smile and bought a whole bunch for two gorgeous women who could make it look perfect.</p>
<p>“We don’t need gifts,” the girls complained, still feeling self-conscious about the money they spent.</p>
<p>“Those are not for you but for me. I want to dress you up for my own pleasure.” They giggled and kissed my cheek. I never understood when I overheard other men complaining about spending too much on women. If I was enjoying a woman and bought her something nice to wear, which also brought me pleasure, how was that not investing in myself?</p>
<p>Lately, I have been rethinking everything; all the previous conclusions I made could have been false, so I had to reconsider the entirety of my life. It was a cumulative process. Most of the self-doubt I carried all my life, most of the shyness and lack of confidence, slowly abated. With the new successes and realisations that came, the fog started to clear. I began to see the contour of my new self. It was like painting blind, only by memory and touch, a self-portrait of an artist without one ear.</p>
<p>One of the greatest inspirations came to me during sex. I always believed it was bad to be selfish, but now I know differently. Sometimes, being selfish is good, even desirable. To want is not wrong, and to demand is not always terrible. The world is not black and white, as they sometimes teach us to believe, but a multicoloured rainbow of various shades of the spectrum, even the invisible ones.</p>
<p>I bought a set of gorgeous white summer mini dresses and matching rope sandals because I found them beautiful. Nobody said you had to know how to paint to make art. I learned about fashion and colour symmetry and refined my taste. Thomas Edison claimed to have said that genius is one per cent inspiration and ninety-nine per cent perspiration, and I was inclined to believe that. All but the most fundamental instincts are acquired by hard work and experience, so I believed that over time, with the help of experts, I learned what makes up good taste, and the two young ladies wearing the clothes I bought them looked, at least to me, perfectly scrumptious and delectable.</p>
<p>Thanks to all the high-tech and the satellites in the sky, it took us no time to find our way to the bar. Callie sat in front, helping me with the ice cream while I drove. We bought three cones of different flavours, and the girls rotated them, feeding me along the way like a family of three who loved each other immensely.</p>
<p>The bar was packed; we barely parked, and the girls made their way to meet the organisers. I booked a VIP table and got champagne in an ice bucket, adding a Mai Tai to that. To drink and drive was a serious offence, so I had to pace myself, sticking to low-alcohol-content cocktails.</p>
<p>At the end of the bar was an elevated podium and a set of tables surrounding the circular swimming pool in rows. The first row was reserved for VIPs, and the second and onwards were reserved for the rest of the guests. I looked around, and only three front tables were taken by groups of people who pooled their cash for seats. I was the only one sitting alone, naturally attracting everyone’s gaze.</p>
<p>Somewhere from the sound system, a tapping sound came, followed by a throat-clearing noise and a request for attention. A bar owner in his late forties welcomed everyone to his place, announcing the monthly bikini competition was about to begin. He handed the microphone to a tall blonde in her late thirties, and she took over, inviting all the scantily clad ladies to the podium to stand in a row while the crowd clapped.</p>
<p>One by one, the girls introduced themselves, their places of origin, their jobs, and their ages; then, they would pose and smile and strut around the place in high heels so everyone had a good chance to see them before the crowd clapped and the judges wrote down the score.</p>
<p>It was good fun, and I recorded all of it on Rylee’s phone while taking snaps on Callie’s. I knew the girls wanted to have some pictures. I used that opportunity to check their Instagram accounts. I was shocked and awed by their almost three hundred thousand followers. Callie was leading Rylee by a per cent.</p>
<p>All this constant bombardment of celebrities, the selfies with them, and all sorts of other activities yielded incredible results. The starstruck people and the journalists were fishing for hashtags, ending up subscribing to the girls’ feeds. In the middle of that, there were dozens of pictures of me with the girls. They left no doubt in anyone who looked that they were in some sort of physical relationship with me, possibly each other, as one of the pics was of them lying naked on a bed with me in the middle, covering our naughty bits with smilies.</p>
<p>At first, I wondered why, but after reading the comments, I figured it out. There is nothing more appetising than controversy. Most people loved it, some hated it, others fought over it. Controversy sparks engagement, and that brings more followers. The two little cuties knew how to play the Instagram game.</p>
<p>I stopped using it altogether, leaving the day-to-day management to Lamin, and only used it for calls and messages. Lately, I’ve been considering other platforms for that and flirted with Telegram, but I wanted to be less reachable rather than more, and Instagram seemed to be ubiquitous amongst everyone I was in touch with.</p>
<p>An impressive tall brunette from LA took the first prize, a grand, and second place was a sultry redhead from Phoenix, Arizona, and she took five hundred bucks. Third place was a local Mexican girl from Carlsbad, who got two hundred fifty bucks. The organiser thanked everyone, and the public cheered while all the girls jumped into the pool with giggles.</p>
<p>Within minutes, the pool was full of people, everyone wanting to swim with the bikini competition contestants. Some fifteen minutes later, Rylee and Callie emerged, pulling the winner and the redhead together to my table. They introduced us, and we shook hands. The girls took champagne flutes while I ordered a pitcher of cocktails.</p>
<p>The girl from LA was called Morgan, and she was trying hard to make friends after seeing the two ladies’ Instagram accounts. Morgan was a budding actress trying to break through into the market, and when she heard that Rylee and Callie were signed and with which agency, she tried her best to impress them. The girls were in full-blown networking mode, sharing contact details and everything else while I talked to the redhead.</p>
<p>Her name was Bailey, and I liked her accent, which was a bit drawn out, like in old Western movies. Her dimples showed when she smiled, and her freckles looked cute. I used this opportunity to practice my storytelling using all the techniques I practised with Dan. It was working so well that after a few minutes, I had all four staring at me with puppy eyes.</p>
<p>I told them a tale about Guinevere, the most beautiful maiden, King Arthur, and the knights of the Round Table, and I told them about how I travelled to see Stonehenge. Druids, Merlin, and the Lady of the Lake, the magic of history that shaped England through time, at least in stories. I put all of my concentration into the presentation, the energy, the tone, and the language, and the girls were mesmerised. I led their imagination from one scene to another until they had to shake it off and take a deep breath.</p>
<p>“I’m starving,” I said, and the girls shared the sentiment. “Anyone wants to try lobster?” The four hungry mouths said, “Yes,” so I pulled my phone out and called the concierge.</p>
<p>“What kind of phone is this?” Morgan asked, but something told me she knew exactly what it was. I handed it to her, and the girls passed it around until the call came back five minutes later. I took it and thanked them.</p>
<p>“We’ve got a reservation in thirty minutes.”</p>
<p>“How did you get it? It’s impossible.” Morgan looked at me with a mixture of surprise and awe. She knew San Diego quite well, and the restaurant was well-known and popular. The girls were as awed with my Hummer as I was. Their hands were all over it, but Bailey’s eyes were big for the motorcycle. I asked her about that, and she told me an amusing story about her need for speed.</p>
<p>“I’ll take you for a spin if you’re still around tomorrow.” Her face turned red, and she thanked me for the opportunity. Apparently, not only Brits know how to interpret crude double entendres.</p>
<p>Thanks to the navigation, we arrived at the restaurant in less than thirty minutes and were seated on a terrace overlooking the ocean. The view was magical, and the setting romantic. According to the concierge, this was the top restaurant for seafood in the city, and I saw what Morgan meant. The place was packed. It’s good sometimes to have an ace up your sleeve—or in your pocket, as it was.</p>
<p>Halfway through our meal, my phone rang. It was Simone, Gareth’s assistant. She told me she wanted to use the opportunity while the girls were still around, and as luck would have it, a crew for Sports Illustrated had just finished a shoot nearby. Simone pitched them to Rylee and Callie, and they would love to do a beach shoot with them for the magazine and potentially a calendar.</p>
<p>The girls squealed like mice, excited about the opportunity. The fact that we were in San Diego just helped everything. The location they had booked for a week was right on the city’s outskirts. It was the perfect culmination of a perfect day. I checked the eyes of our guests, and Bailey’s face expressed awe, while Morgan’s was full of envy. Morgan was more beautiful than either of my girls, yet she had been trying for a couple of years, and no doors opened for her. Sometimes, you must be at the right place and time for magic to happen. It just proved my point. It’s not who you are or what you are capable of, but whom you know and how good you are with that person. It is, as always, relationships over promises.</p>
<p>“What’s your plan later?” I asked our guests, and they mumbled some non-committal answers. “If this happens, maybe that, depending on who calls and why.” I liked both a lot, and Rylee and Callie also liked them. I thought my girls were a little smitten by Morgan’s beauty and poise. She was closer to Cassie’s level than the two of them. Bailey, for some reason, was smitten by me. Perhaps we clicked around motorcycles or my storytelling skills.</p>
<p>“We were planning on getting a nice hotel suite with a pool. If you want, you can crash with us tonight, and we’ll have dinner together.” The girls instantly agreed, and I called the concierge to find us a nice place. Ten minutes later, it was all done, and they booked me into a smallish boutique hotel that catered to more affluent visitors. They got me a lovely two-bedroom suite with a private terrace overlooking the ocean and a small private pool on it. The property also had a larger communal pool downstairs, a gym, and all the amenities one could want.</p>
<p>After I paid the bill, the girls squeezed into the Hummer again, and just a half-hour later, we were led to the top floor by the concierge. The place looked clean and well-maintained, preferring a slightly more sombre style of furniture, not quite like the Ritz in London but certainly inspired by the similar style, making the place appear just that little more expensive. Someone made a lot of effort to preserve the details and keep the illusion that this building stood there from colonial times.</p>
<p>While I was checking out the rest of the rooms, the girls had already stripped down to their bikinis and lay on the sunbeds. Four girls in a row, straight from the competition, including the first and second prize winners, were right here in front of me on my terrace. I was moving up in the world, I thought and chuckled to myself.</p>
<p>When I started learning from Dan, I never considered the momentum. Every time I approached someone, it was all starting from zero. It wasn’t like this with the two winners. I didn’t do anything to talk to them, yet here they were, paying up dividends. Whatever love, trust, and care I invested in Rylee and Callie was now spilling over, rubbing off on the others. They brought them to me.</p>
<p>It was a touchy point deeply rooted in my psyche; the old vestige of ancient insecurities started to take root in my brain. I was afraid that if I showed any sexual preference for our two guests, Rylee and Callie would be offended. We never had a talk or defined our relationship, and I was sure they knew about the other women I dated, but they were distant on another continent. Over the last few days, the girls and I bonded a lot. Whatever we had took on another dimension. The last thing I wanted was to hurt their feelings. It wasn’t about losing the two but making them feel worthless. I couldn’t live with that or hurt anyone, and that was the root of all my self-doubt.</p>
<p>Then, it hit me. I was dissembling and almost stepped into it. Since the start of my journey, I had nothing to lose, and I swore to be true to myself, but suddenly everything changed. I wanted to have my cake, eat it, and manipulate the others into it. I was disgusted with myself. Instead of trusting my closest friends, I was worried about what they would say, trying to manage my lack of backbone.</p>
<p>I was too cocky and dropped the ball a bit, believing I was cured of the poison that infected my life. This wasn’t me. I rejected myself. The girls trusted me because I never told them a lie. If there was one thing I knew was a part of my core identity, it would be honesty, no matter what. This would be the bedrock of my character. Even if it meant losing everything, I would still be me. It was the quality I wanted to teach my kids, and nothing would ever change that. I swore in front of the universe that I would be such a man and prayed to God for forgiveness for even entertaining such thoughts for a moment. It was a test, and I passed.</p>
<p>What was it that Jack said? Detachment and faith? I almost lost faith in myself, but more importantly, in two of my dearest friends I loved. They weren’t just pretty faces but intelligent and accomplished young ladies. If I couldn’t talk to them or trust them with my inner challenges, then all was lost, and I should go home.</p>
<p>I waved to Rylee and called her to the side. Without anyone noticing, I pointed at our two guests.</p>
<p>“I wanted to talk to you about them.” She looked at the new girls and shrugged. “I need your help,” and she looked into my eyes. “I would rather die right now than do anything that would hurt you or Callie in the smallest of ways.” I could see her eyes water, and she hugged me so tight. I carried her into the room, and she cried in my arms.</p>
<p>“I was so scared, Jim.” I wondered about what. This thing with the new girls was well within her control. Callie and I talked, and we don’t know what will happen when you’re gone. We don’t want to lose you.“ Something didn’t track. I talked about cheating, and she changed the subject.</p>
<p>”How could you possibly lose me?“ Fire and water, vinegar and oil, logic and emotion don’t mix well. Rylee couldn’t explain it to me any better. It was irrational, but she felt this way. Fight fire with fire, I thought. After all, Dan taught me how to talk and express myself. The art of conversation isn’t just for making friends.</p>
<p>”I love you both.“ It was simple, the truth at its core. Rylee hugged me so tight that I could swear I heard my joints crack. There was nothing more to say, nothing to explain. Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free—John 8:32</p>
<p>We stood like this, embraced like two statues, defying the elements of Venus and Mars, finally together. When she let go of me, there was a smile on her lips, a little mischief in her eyes.</p>
<p>”So,“ she said, ”you wanna fool around with your new guests?“ My face felt like it was on fire as I fumbled to answer. She was clearly teasing me but kept a serious face. In the end, she let me go easy and whispered, looking down, ”Why did you think we brought them to your table?“ That was a loaded question.</p>
<p>”Why did you do that? Why put me in such a dilemma?“</p>
<p>”I didn’t want you to leave.“ Suddenly, everything made so much sense. The girls perceived that I did so much for them, and they wanted to show their worth to me in some way. They couldn’t buy me a Ducati but could hook me up with other ladies. There was something deeply disturbing in that. I didn’t do anything for the two or expected a payment in kind. I did it because I cared for them, and it made me feel like I was making them smile. I realised how much of a two-sided blade it was at that moment.</p>
<p>”Look at me. You are not going to lose me.“ Then she burst into tears again.</p>
<p>”I love you so much.“ We stayed like this for another ten minutes until she calmed down, and we sat on the bed.</p>
<p>”I can send them home,“ I said, pointing to the girls, but she shook her head. ”You like them too?“ Riley froze for a moment, then nodded. It was clear to everyone she was bisexual, but she didn’t know how to go about it. Rylee and Callie had hots for each other but were friends and didn’t want to make it complicated. I made them cross the line, and they kissed each other. Since then, it was all downhill.</p>
<p>”You know, it will eat you both from inside if you don’t take it to the next level.“</p>
<p>”But what if something happens, and…“ Rylee couldn’t complete the sentence.</p>
<p>”What if it doesn’t?“ I lived all my life risk-averse, making backup plans, then backup plans for backup plans, then like that to infinity. My life could have been entirely different if I had invested so much energy into building something positive. The logical path was going nowhere, so I brushed the subject away.</p>
<p>”So, are you two sure about that?“ I pointed at the girls again, and Rylee nodded with a mischievous smile. She was flirting with me now. I pulled her to me and kissed her hard; she sat in my lap and rubbed her breasts against my chest.</p>
<p>It turns out my mind was on a completely different track, and if I did what most people would do, I would seriously mess up and potentially damage our relationship forever. Once trust is gone, it never comes back. Someone might forgive you and even learn to trust you again, but never the way it was before. Some doubt will remain.</p>
<p>”Banzaaai,“ I shouted, before cannonballing into the pool and splashing girls with water. Rylee was right on my tail for the secondary impact. It was a coordinated attack. All of them jumped in and started splashing me, trying to dunk me. I caught Callie and threw her in the air, then Rylee caught me and climbed on my shoulders. As revenge, I pulled her strings open and her swimsuit floated away.</p>
<p>She screamed, trying to cover herself, and then both girls together dove for my trunks. After many attempts to free myself and get some air, I had to relent, and they threw my swimsuit away. That was enough. I lifted my arms and yielded, then walked out naked and lay on a sun bed. I never tanned naked, but there was a first time for everything, so I closed my eyes and enjoyed the warmth.</p>
<p>I heard the girls come out and lay on the other beds. After some time, I noticed all four of them were naked. The sun was scorching, and some fifteen minutes later, I saw Rylee spread the suntan lotion over her body.</p>
<p>”You can do me next,“ I said with a wink, and Callie echoed. Rylee walked over, sat in my lap, squirted some Nivea on my chest, and gently massaged me. Morgan watched Rylee’s over-the-top moves, especially as she rubbed my legs, cock, and testicles. ”Could I have some?“ she casually asked, and I thought Rylee could use a bit of her own medicine.</p>
<p>”Rylee gives a great massage. Come on, go help your new friend.“ She gave me the ”I’ll kill you“ look but did what I suggested, starting with Morgan’s arms and shoulders. By the time she came to her breasts, I could tell Rylee was as turned on as ever. Her face was like stone, professional, but I learned how to recognise her telltale signs of arousal.</p>
<p>By the time Rylee did all three of us, her back was burning, so I took over and gave all the ladies a back massage, rubbing the lotion into their skin, paying no heed to the fact I was painfully erect. In the end, I laid back on the sunbed with my cock pointing up like a flagpole. We were all adults now, and I didn’t want any pretence between us. All the girls knew how sexy they looked, and to pretend it wasn’t affecting me would be a lie. Go look, and understand that I’d fuck you at the drop of a hat. At least we were clear about that, and nothing terrible happened. No feelings were hurt.</p>
<p>Just before sunset, I got up to take a shower. Rylee and Callie joined me, and we hugged, scrubbed, and kissed.</p>
<p>”You can’t go downstairs like that,“ Callie said, pointing at my erection. She knelt and stuffed her mouth with my cock while Rylee and I kissed. Callie was turning into quite a talented cocksucker, trained to perfection to get me off in just minutes. She cleverly explored with her tongue every spot that turned me on, every sinew of my cock.</p>
<p>Callie got me blasting in no time. She didn’t swallow straight away but brought it up and shared my sperm with her friend. It was a new trick the girls learned after first kissing each other. It took just one blowjob for them to experiment and share my cum with each other. So much erotic energy between them was suppressed and left unspent. I made it my secret plan to nudge them closer before I left and see what happened.</p>
<p>When I turned my head to the other side, I saw Morgan and Bailey looking at us from the living room. I presumed they saw everything. Their necks and faces were flushed red. We got out of the shower, and the two girls went in, each washing herself without touching the other. It took them a while to come out, and by that time, we were all ready and dressed, waiting for them.</p>
<p>The hotel’s restaurant was top-rated, and they offered to make us a private grill on our terrace with a table and chairs, wine, our personal chef, and a waiter. Now, who could resist that? We dressed up and sat around the table, having a great view of the courtyard and the pools below, as well as the evening sky and the sea in the distance, enjoying the ambience and the scent carried on a light summer breeze.</p>
<p>”Would you like to dance?“ I offered my hand like a courtier, and Callie giggled. The sound system was playing something romantic, and I thought, why not? Nobody was watching, and I hadn’t danced in a while. She felt soft and sensual in my arms as we moved across the terrace. We danced to three songs, sat down, and sipped more cocktails.</p>
<p>Rylee was next, wearing her high heels and strapless Ferragamo dress. Just like Callie, she felt so soft and gentle in my arms as we moved, leaning against each other. Our two guests watched us with big eyes, admiring the exquisite dress. After another sip of a drink and some rest, Bailey was next, followed by Morgan and over again.</p>
<p>I danced with all four girls for about an hour after dinner. The waiter offered to bring us some tea or hot chocolate, and we accepted, thanking the man. After he left, the girls and I chatted about this and that. Our guests shared some portions of their life. The ambience had this soft, gentle mood, with waves in the distance setting the rhythm and tone for what was to come.</p>
<p>In the end, we called it a night, undressed, and retired to our rooms. Rylee and Callie were clearly in the mood, lying naked next to each other, and I smiled. I was full of energy and motivated. Then I dropped with my face between Rylee’s legs, lifted them up, and trapped her pussy with my mouth. It was going to be a very long night.</p>

</body>
</html>
