<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 19 - Buridan’s donkey</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 19 - Buridan’s donkey</h2>
<p>I woke up with a headache. We kept it going until the wee hours of the morning, and I wouldn’t let the girls rest. It got easier to repeat the experience after that first time when I gave them each a whole-body orgasm. My two little darlings were out by the time their orgasms subsided, and then I had sex with one another and filled their young pussies to the brim with my semen. I didn’t know why they liked that. Maybe because it was nasty and dangerous, or perhaps a biological override in our brains. Whatever it was, the girls enjoyed it each time I did that.</p>
<p>A beautiful sunny morning beckoned outside, so I quietly snuck out and jumped into the pool on the terrace. The air was fresh, and the weather was lovely. As much as London was my home, I started to realise there are better places to live, purely from the weather perspective, with more days of sunshine.</p>
<p>I heard footsteps and turned around, only to see Bailey walking out on the terrace completely naked. I saw her yesterday but didn’t comment. She kept her ginger pubic hair neatly trimmed instead of shaved, and for some reason, I liked that. Call me old-fashioned, but I liked the symmetry of the carpet matching the drapes.</p>
<p>Bailey pretended not to notice my lustful gaze. I was staring at her without shame, and she walked into the pool like a princess.</p>
<p>“You’re an early bird,“ I said.</p>
<p>“Yeah, someone kept me awake half the night.“ I shrugged, and she stuck out her tongue. “What did you do to those poor women?“ I shrugged again, making a confused face as if I didn’t know what she was talking about. We were flirting now. Bailey knew precisely what I did to them. Morgan did as well. Above the bed was a glass picture frame where I could see the reflection of the two watching me eat Callie’s pussy.</p>
<p>Our sexual tension was palpable, but I wasn’t going to initiate. Instead, I would leave myself open to Bailey’s advances, stay calm, and see what happened. Dan taught me to always take the initiative, but I wanted to see what happens from the other side. Morgan was a prize for being such a hot babe, but Bailey was on par with Rylee and Callie, and I wasn’t trying to add another conquest to my list. Quite the opposite. I was hoping to make more good friends rather than just have sex.</p>
<p>Bailey must have sensed it and leaned against the pool wall next to me. I shamelessly stared at her grapefruit-sized breasts, going up and down as she breathed. She was twenty-three and had just finished university with a bachelor’s degree in hospitality. Bailey followed my gaze and giggled.</p>
<p>“You’re staring at my breasts,” she said, starting another round of flirting.</p>
<p>“I love your nipples, so pink and puffy. I was imagining how it would be to suck on them.“ Direct honesty; how refreshing. Her face turned a lovely shade of red, all the way down her neck to her chest, probably imagining me doing just that. After all, I was a middle-aged man who spent most of last night eating a pussy of a teenager and her twenty-one-year-old best friend before fucking them both unconscious. Bailey saw all that.</p>
<p>I worded it so crudely, primarily out of curiosity to see what would happen. We were all playing musical chairs, fully aware of what was at stake. It was a human mating ritual, where the form sometimes is more important than substance. Two people naked in a pool, talking about the weather. How much more context is needed to move to the next level? I just stated the obvious, the unspoken part. She knew why I was looking at her, for the same reason she stared at my cock.</p>
<p>To assume that women are like delicate flowers without sexual urges, always having to be seduced, would be some silly thinking. It’s just a man is always expected to initiate, so she could save face if things went the wrong way. It’s a story about double standards between men and women, judged as studs and sluts for the same behaviour. It wasn’t fair, but it was what it was. I just cut through the apparent verbal foreplay to talk about what was really interesting.</p>
<p>“You promised to take me for a ride,“ she said, and I smiled. She smiled back. We were talking about my motorcycle, but really not. Where do you go from there? I pushed against the pool’s edge and sat on the top with my legs dangling in the water and my genitals pointing up from morning wood and looking at her naked body.</p>
<p>Bailey made a little pirouette in the water, ending up between my legs. She looked straight into my eyes and bit her lip with a seductive smile.</p>
<p>“Nice cock,” she said, stroking it up and down with her finger. I sucked in the air between my teeth. It felt so good, and I opened my legs wider. Bailey came closer and pushed her breasts in, then squeezed, trapping my cock between them and rubbing its purple head with her index finger.</p>
<p>“What do you want?“ she asked me, pursing her lips.</p>
<p>“What do you want?“ I retorted, playing the same game. We were locked in a clinch of a mating dance. Nobody said I couldn’t answer a question with a question. She pushed in a little, adding more rub to her hand movements.</p>
<p>“I want what Rylee and Callie got. I want to orgasm like that.“ I liked how she corrected herself. She was playing me, and so did Morgan. They misinterpreted the nature of my relationship with the two women and made a play to displace them. In some past life, I would be a sucker for such games, but I was trained by the best of the best, and I’ve had a chance to learn and experiment.</p>
<p>Using my hands, I pushed off a little, landing in the water right next to Bailey and pushed her against the edge, my body pressing into hers. I put one hand on the side of her face while my other hand explored her body and kneaded her breast, rubbing her nipple with my thumb.</p>
<p>Our lips got closer, almost touching for a few breaths before I kissed her gently, then more demanding. She sighed when my teeth grazed her ear and my hands squeezed her ass.</p>
<p>“And what do I get in return?“ I asked, kissing her lips again and floating away towards the middle. Reframing that’s what Dan taught me. Fantastic tool for everyday use, especially in business, but it worked like a charm in my personal life. I practised it together with all the other tools for a day under Dan’s supervision. I wasn’t an expert by any stretch of the imagination, but I didn’t have to be one here. Bailey started the negotiation from a position of scarcity as if she had something I needed and was the one dictating the terms.</p>
<p>I made no attempt to hide my want, but there is a difference between wanting something and needing it. So, I turned it around. I already had two beautiful women who cared for me, and I cared for them. Bailey was older than them and of comparable looks. I was communicating I had something of more value, and she would have to come my way. It was a flirty power play between a man and a woman ready to have sex. We were just negotiating the terms of what it meant and where it left us. She swam towards me, wrapped her arms around my neck, and rubbed her body against mine.</p>
<p>“I’m so horny,“ she said, and I believed her this time.</p>
<p>“I’m not looking for a relationship or to be someone’s sugar daddy.“ She nodded frantically, trying to get me to kiss her again. I put my hand on her face, and she sucked in my thumb. “Apart from that, we can have fun. I want you to tell me you understand this.“ She nodded again and mumbled, “I understand,“ with my thumb in her mouth.</p>
<p>I leaned her against the side of the pool and lifted her leg up, positioning my cock at her pussy entrance and pushing. She was so wet that even inside water, her pussy was slippery, and I pumped into her, kissing her, kneading her tits. I was worn out from the marathon sex last night. She was horny as hell, listening to us fuck until late, touching her pussy, unable to cum, to not embarrass herself in front of a stranger with whom she shared a bed.</p>
<p>It took maybe twenty minutes of vigorous pumping before she bit into my neck and screamed into it. Her manicured nails dug into my back as she shuddered against my body, and her pussy squeezed. Bailey went limp after that, and we detached. She floated in the pool on her back, watching the sky while I sat on the poolside with my legs dangling in the water, watching two perfect nipples protrude out of the water.</p>
<p>Bailey floated like this for maybe ten minutes, relishing the post-orgasmic bliss in open nature. She shook it off and swam over to me, and without a single word, stuck my cock into her mouth. Bailey was a virtuoso with a flesh flute. She wasn’t as good as Callie, whom I personally trained, but she was almost there, sucking and slurping and rubbing my cock up and down. I felt my balls tense in tune with my rapid breath.</p>
<p>My cock twitched one, two, three, a whole bunch of times, delivering a fresh blast of sperm into Bailey’s mouth. She drank it like mead, the nectar of gods, and when my cock got limp, she opened her mouth. A pool of sperm was inside it, and Bailey looked into my eyes, then swallowed it like a porn star and showed me it was all gone.</p>
<p>“Where did you learn how to do that?“ I said, awed by her skill. She looked down and mumbled about her university days, girls gone wild videos and some more explicit ones she made before giving it all up and studying hard for a real career. I was just embellishing when I thought about her blowjobs being on a porn star level. Still, it turns out it was a dangerous assumption to make when practically living in LA. The city was a meat grinder, it sucked in, chewed up and spat out everyone. Some people thrived, while others were crushed. In many ways, it resembled London in its nature, a fast-paced metropolis with money at its core.</p>
<p>“Wanna grab a cup of coffee?“ I asked, and she smiled. We snuck into the room, put on some clothes, and went downstairs. The breakfast was already on, but I wasn’t hungry just yet, so we went for a barefoot walk on the sands. I remembered the waiter telling me about a beachfront cafe, so we walked hand in hand until I spotted it.</p>
<p>I started to think that the human race had it all wrong about relationships. To me, it seemed more logical to start with sex first, then kissing and flirting. Then you extend your hand and say, “Hi, I’m Jim. What is your name?” At least the whole sexual pressure would be gone once it’s consumed, and you would be able to talk on the level without pressure.</p>
<p>Bailey opened up to me and told me about her life. It was the usual story—dad left, and she was raised by a single mother who worked two jobs, and nobody helped while dad disappeared. Alimony was too much of a responsibility for the man. At least as a father, I thought to myself, I didn’t miserably fail. I took care of my sons and paid through the nose for the ex-Mrs’s irresponsible lifestyle so she could be a glorified nanny to my children. “Just wait,“ I promised myself, “things will be different in time.“</p>
<p>I still carried a lot of repressed anger for Tina, and I didn’t think it would go away. The fucking slut used me from the first day, but I was fair game. I was the stupid one, but my kids? Sometimes, I fumed, imagining elaborate schemes of revenge. She would get her comeuppance sooner or later, but the stars haven’t yet aligned.</p>
<p>In many ways, Bailey reminded me of the other two girls, except that she lost her innocence, a way to look at the world through kids’ eyes. It turned out I misjudged her the first time. She didn’t need my money to make her day-to-day, but she wanted what I had—the lifestyle I built for myself, the car, the motorcycle, the hotels, and the travel. It was becoming a regular theme; money was always enough for survival but for little more.</p>
<p>Sometimes, I thought about that, concluding that money was the root of all evil. When every value can be reduced to a number, money becomes an idol, a symbol of worship. The elders used to say money doesn’t buy you love or happiness. Where did that go? As a society, did we reduce our expectations, or did we forget what love is and what the true joy of life is?</p>
<p>Secretly, all of us longed for something better, but we were brainwashed—work hard, bend over backwards, compromise on every personal principle, and give all our blood to the machine. Then, someday, you will find happiness when it has squeezed you enough. It was a joke, a farce, a scam for idiots like me, believing in that nonsense like a religion, “someday, someday.“</p>
<p>Bailey was one of the smart ones. She figured it out in time, just as I have. Life is now and not someday far into the future when the moon and all the stars come together, and you are permitted to be happy for a while before you keel over and die. I used to believe so many things, like paying into the pension fund and saving for retirement. It was a crock of shit and more of the lies. You gave them your money so they could distribute their bonuses, and then, in the end, lobby the government to increase the retirement age under the excuse that people today live longer. It was all a lie, a scam. Nobody bothered to look at today’s life expectancy compared to twenty years ago. Yet, they raised the retirement age five times, and why? Because they stole the money and there wasn’t enough, proving yet another point that retirement savings, ISAs, and similar financial instruments were just another way to tax you into poverty.</p>
<p>Somehow, Bailey knew the score, possibly by watching her mother lose, day by day, year by year, and she asked herself why? The only way to win in this rigged game was to choose not to play. No wonder she gravitated towards something different, not necessarily affluent, just something that wasn’t her usual day-to-day. It made me think about how many of us pretend we’re living a good life, then we watch others in envy and explain it as a stroke of good luck or say, “he was born to a rich dad.“</p>
<p>Perhaps we were all wrong, and it takes a generation to build generational wealth. I don’t remember asking my school colleague’s rich dad if he worked hard for his money or if he just got lucky. Maybe Bailey was just too young at the beginning of her journey, trying to find her way. Over the last few months, I have spoken to hundreds of random people, trying to learn social skills, but I have also listened.</p>
<p>The common folk are also of the common sort, average. They are the salt of the earth, the masses put to work by those in power. It starts at home, then kindergarten, all through university and even through the doctorate. Kids are sorted and shaped, moulded into classes—a cook, a mechanic, a carpenter, an engineer. It occurred to me that there are no schools for free thinkers, the disruptors, the innovators, at least not for the plebs.</p>
<p>If you study the famous ones, they all dropped out of classes, realising that schools were there to turn the common into mediocre. The exceptional ones are the kind that cause problems; nobody wants to hire an opinionated secretary. Our education system failed us from the start. When you are about eight, they come and watch; they do their experiments to steer you their way. “That kid is good with numbers; that kid is good with his hands.“ They apply social profiles, and then scientists go around waving their papers. “Look at the proof; women prefer social work.“ Of course, they do; the system is skewed.</p>
<p>When someone comes to you at the age of twelve and asks you what you want to be, and you say, “chef,” because you like eating, they encourage you and steer you in this direction, praising you and supporting you by giving you goals. “Look at this chef. He’s rich and famous.” What would have happened if someone sat down and explained that every day for forty years, you would have to sweat next to a hot pot and stir it in a high-stress environment with people running in and out, blaming you for putting black pepper in spaghetti carbonara?</p>
<p>I was one of those kids. Someone somewhere noticed that I had an affinity for logical thinking and analysis. “Oh, you can be an engineer. We’ll teach you how to program computers.” And they were right; I excelled at it. I even took a test and became a MENSA member. I had certificates coming out of my ears—a member of ACM, IEEE, Agile Alliance, even a BCS chartered engineer, Cambridge alumni, rah-rah-rah, all of this and more, and a fucked up life. Imagine all those other things I could have been if they didn’t steer me.</p>
<p>Instead of “What do you want to be,” they should ask kids, “How do you want to live?” It would be a more accurate representation of what people wanted but less useful to the companies looking to hire workers. Like it or not, we were all a part of an interconnected system that functioned a certain way, organic or artificial, the meat grinder that fed on our lives to monetise human potential and distribute it in a top-down style. This brought me back to Bailey. Everyone in her life told her what she should be, but she had no preference. All she ever knew was the way she wanted to live.</p>
<p>There is no shortage of well-wishers with all sorts of ideas and plans about what to do with your life, ready at the drop of a hat to give you unsolicited advice. Of course, Bailey wanted something else; it was understandable. I was a man in my forties, and she was a gorgeous woman in her early twenties. It would be foolishness to pretend it didn’t matter. It did, but it was tolerable. She valued a certain kind of life as much as I valued spending time with younger women.</p>
<p>For those looking from the outside, this kind of thing could be classified in a range of ways; the most popular would be “predatory” in modern times, where an older, wealthy man uses his money, status, and influence to confuse and exploit someone younger. I rejected the notion as just another woke nonsense. Who appointed them as the protectors of what’s moral, the guardians of righteousness? We lived in a world that actively worked to destroy itself. “Fallen! Fallen is Babylon the Great! She has become a dwelling for demons and a haunt for every impure spirit, a haunt for every unclean bird, a haunt for every unclean and detestable animal“ — Revelation 18:2.</p>
<p>Sometimes, it felt like I was walking with a running commentary inside my head, and the director’s cut was mixed with social judgment and political diatribe. Looking back on my life, I always had that, but it got bitter and louder shortly after my divorce. Was this my inner self, the suppressed man inside, rebelling against the world that allowed it to happen?</p>
<p>At first, it annoyed me, but I got used to it over time. It was a chorus of many voices constantly analysing and dissecting my choices, my life under a microscope, projected against the backdrop of the world I perceived. I recently started examining all my conclusions, decisions, and options, trying to delve deep into my fabled identity and get a glimpse of reality.</p>
<p>Bailey saw my eyes glaze over while my attention was whisked away by endless analysis of the world and everything in it. She sipped her latte in silence, watching the waves caress the shore. It brought me back to reality, and I took a deep breath. The smell of salt on a morning breeze promised a day full of wonder. The world itself is what we make of it, damn the torpedoes, damn the consequences.</p>
<p>There was one thing I still had to learn—how to let go and live in the moment. My moments came in bursts of happiness intermixed with moments of quiet reflection. The psychologist said I was that type, the thinker, the analyst. He mentioned something about the architect. We even had categories for that. If something doesn’t put you in a box, something else will. I chuckled, and Bailey looked at me, lifting her eyebrows as if to ask me what was so amusing.</p>
<p>“I kinda like you,” I said, and she rewarded me with a big ol‘ smile.</p>
<p>“You are weird,” she voiced, adding a mischievous smile to that. I took it as a compliment. Weird means different, which could mean special or unique. I was special, all right, at least inside my mind. I was Mama’s little special boy, all grown up and rebelling against the world. Rage Against the Machine is a well-named band I have never heard play.</p>
<p>Sometimes, our thoughts and insecurities paralyze us. Bailey helped me see past that by challenging my mind. One part of me believed her, and the other part doubted her. Analysis paralysis: I was Buridan’s donkey, torn between hunger and thirst, unable to turn right or left, dying of both, incapable of making a choice.</p>
<p>At this very moment, my life changed again. I saw a glimpse of light like a shooting star. Only in detachment can we rise up from the grip of “self,” the analytical mind, and look dispassionately at things as they are.</p>
<p>Faith is a choice, and I finally understood Jack. You don’t believe in something by weighing the odds between one and the other. To have faith, one has to believe in fairies, the ghosts of Christmas past, and all the mythical creatures. It is a conscious action, sometimes contrary to all the information, reason, and logic. One has to step into the void.</p>
<p>It would be impossible to calculate the infinite parameters describing someone like Bailey, classify and organise, put her into a box and label her existence, and reduce her to a set of attributes and behavioural nuances. What about love? What about the soul? Are we the median average of all we do and say, or is there more, some unknowable essence, some great light refracting inside?</p>
<p>I chose who I am, even with little evidence, and I chose to trust Bailey, no matter what happened. Constantly calculating, watching, scheming, and analysing is exhausting but also not helping. If I wanted to love someone as a friend, I should accept them as they are. There is no formula to predict friendship going bad. There is no way to hedge against having your heart broken. You take your pain with your porridge, spit the dirt out, and wash your face. Nobody ever ran on the beach without sometimes falling into the sand.</p>
<p>You receive what you give, and if all you have to give is doubt, don’t be surprised when you receive a pot full of bile in return.</p>
<p>“Come, I want to show you something.“ I took her Bailey by the hand and pulled her to the sand. We almost ran on the beach, trying to keep our coffee still, until we reached the parking lot. I threw the keys at her and asked her to drive. Bailey was like a kid in a store exploring the car like it was a space shuttle.</p>
<p>Shortly after, we arrived at a car mechanic with a ramp, which allowed me to roll the bike down. I watched Bailey’s eyes sparkle like Christmas lights. We were on our way minutes later, and she yelled in happiness. Unlike Rylee and Callie, Bailey was fearless. She kept pushing me to go faster and didn’t worry about sliding off the miniature back seat. This was what she was after, the excitement and adventure, something that got the blood flowing.</p>
<p>“I’m sorry,“ I said as I stood by the ocean, leaning against the motorbike with my arm around her. She rested her back on my chest, holding an ice cream cone.</p>
<p>“What for?“</p>
<p>“For the way I treated you in the morning.“ I had to explain myself. Nothing exists in a vacuum, and I had my own demons to chase. I told her about my history and life before becoming this guy with apparent money, power, and class. It was all under construction, still a work in progress, a mirage. Beware of all the strollers of falling objects, the debris of an old life as it crumbled, and its pieces replaced by someone better and much improved.</p>
<p>Bailey turned around and shushed me up with her lips. I was rambling. She laid her head on my chest, listening to my heart drum like an old diesel engine. We all have our ups and downs; we all have our moments. She bit my lips with a sparkle in her eyes, the tease she was, a flirt and a minx. We already had sex. Bailey felt relaxed, and one truth deserves another. Reciprocity is the key to human relationships. In everything, do to others what you would have them do to you — Matthew 7:12.</p>
<p>“I still want that orgasm,“ she said and giggled, pushing her face against my chest and hugging me tight. I bit her nose a little, and she screamed before biting my nipple. Bailey was feisty and kind, full of fire and life. Somewhere along the line, she figured out that the purpose of life is to live it, not just survive one day after another, but extract everything it had to offer. You live once; you live now. That is the moral of the story. Tomorrow is another day; sooner or later, it will be the last one.</p>
<p>A pessimist says that every day you’re a day older, a day closer to death, while the optimist explains that with each passing day, there is a day less to live. Bailey was the second one and positively thirsty for life. She wanted everything that seemed good, especially a five-minute whole-body orgasm that made her squirt.</p>

</body>
</html>
