<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 20 - Life’s precious moments</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 20 - Life’s precious moments</h2>
<p>The girls were just finishing breakfast when Bailey and I walked into the hotel, cracking jokes. The three of them teased us for sneaking off on a secret date without so much as leaving them a message. I was feeling quite hungry, but they were closing the buffet. Bailey got even with the girls by saying, “I am on a Keto diet, and I already had my fill.” Then, she licked her lips and winked at everyone. It took them a second to get it before everyone burst into laughter.</p>
<p>With no time to waste, we got into a car and followed the location the photo crew shared, and I drove us there. I had never been on any kind of film or photography set, so I was surprised to see how many people were there, from the art director and photographer to makeup, stylists, hair, lights, assistants, and a van full of equipment.</p>
<p>The only one who had any clue was Morgan. She used to work as a pinup girl and a model on and off. Bailey found all of it novel as well. She had done plenty of videos, but they were mostly amateur productions that went straight to the internet. The level of professionalism and experience impressed me. It was apparent to everyone that the production team was used to working together.</p>
<p>Rylee and Callie found all of this new and exciting. They had never posed in front of a camera before if you don’t count the millions of pictures they took with their phones. At least it gave them some understanding of how to stand and which side of their face looked most flattering.</p>
<p>I caught myself halfway through the conversation with the director, realising that I was putting on the charm and telling stories with my best posture, eye contact, smile, and voice. While other concepts Dan taught me took weeks to get comfortable with, I took to orating skills like a duck takes to water. It was strange to me, as I used to speak only when the occasion called for it to communicate something meaningful for the business, and I would get cut off all the time by people who thought they had something more important to say. Not this time. I was careful to put in the right energy, the right tone with just the proper resonance, and everyone was sucked in. It was a skill like no other, almost like “the voice” in Frank Herbert’s novels.</p>
<p>Rylee and Callie finally got ready, and the rest of us stood, watching as the photographer directed them to pose this way or another. At one point, I looked at the back of the camera, and the girls seemed so fresh and beautiful, like two blonde angels, also sexy and seductive, wearing the colourful metallic bikinis they were given. It was that contrast of sexuality versus innocence, fire and water, that made the pictures stand out from those one could find aplenty on the internet.</p>
<p>It took a while, with a few changes of clothes, until the director said they had what they wanted. At that moment, I realised what his role was; otherwise, the shoot could go on forever. Someone had to stop everything and decide what was enough from an art’s perspective. This was fun, and for a moment, I wished that was my job—to travel around exotic places surrounded by the most gorgeous ladies and guide them from one pose to another. It was just a natural fancy; the grass is always greener. I was sure this kind of job could have its challenges, just like any other work. It might not be visible to the outsiders, and I wouldn’t dig deep, looking for them.</p>
<p>The sun was too intense, and we were baking as the girls undressed. The photographer switched to a video camera and placed it low, probably explaining to my benefit that we needed all the light and strong shadows to get the best contrast of waves. Two assistants used silver and gold foldable reflective surfaces and pointed them at the girls to chase the shadows away and bronze them.</p>
<p>As the girls knelt next to the shoreline, facing the cameras with their butts to the sea, the waves would come in and splash their behinds as if Poseidon was having a little too much fun with them. The girls were completely naked, but I noticed on the camera monitor the photographer placed the angle so cleverly that the result was PG. It was all implied and gripping. I imagined the viewers would observe, hoping to see more than they were supposed to, even for a second.</p>
<p>With that done, the girls were asked to put on snorkelling masks and sent into the water to dive. The photographer put on diving gear with a contraption holding the camera, and they all went into the water. This was the strangest part of the shoot. All I could see was the girls coming up for air, then diving back in repeatedly. It was impossible to tell what they were doing down there until the photographer waved, and everyone came out of the water.</p>
<p>As soon as they transferred the data from the card, I saw amazing photos and videos of two naked girls diving down to the sand. Like with the previous shoot, nothing explicit was visible. This wasn’t a smut magazine. It took only four hours to complete the shoot, and the crew was packing up when the director halted them with an idea.</p>
<p>He noticed my Hummer with a motorcycle on top and asked if I would mind doing another few sets with both. Apparently, their readers would love pictures with such lovely mechanical marvels.</p>
<p>“Only if you included the other girls as well,” I pointed at Morgan and Bailey, who looked slightly abandoned. The man figured it out quickly, shook my hand, and we had a deal. While I went with one of the assistants to unload the Ducati, the makeup and stylists descended on the two girls, making them pretty. The other assistant was busy with his iPad, getting all the documents and signing releases.</p>
<p>It took us only about half an hour to go there and back, then another half to place the car and bike in the right place on the sand and use buckets of water to erase the tracks. Of course, this was illegal, but the director was willing to risk a fine. As they say in some places, everything is legal; just don’t get arrested.</p>
<p>Morgan and Bailey were ecstatic to be included in something upmarket like this. All the work they ever did until then was for smaller outfits and amateurs. These guys were in the big league, and it showed. Plus, the car and the motorcycle were all aimed at a more discerning audience.</p>
<p>Of course, Rylee and Callie were the stars, and the two other girls played the support roles, but they were in it and having a blast. During a short break to fix my makeup and hair, I asked the photographer, “Why didn’t you want the two there?” He looked at me with a measuring glance.</p>
<p>“Are you sure you want to know?”</p>
<p>“Yes. I want to learn. This is for my benefit alone.” He shrugged and told me without mincing his words.</p>
<p>“One looks like a slut, and the other like a whore.” He said it casually without passing judgment and spent the rest of the break explaining the nuance. The one whom he said looked like a slut was Bailey, pointing to the way she carried herself, the look in her eyes, the expression on her face, and how she looked at me when I wasn’t looking. She was a party girl, careless about anything, and the word “future” meant the next couple of days for her. He thought that Bailey went through the world without purpose or aim, getting by, and each day was presented with another challenge.</p>
<p>Morgan, on the other hand, stood tall and measured everyone. She was thoughtful and calculated, almost cold, with a reserved stance, nearly projecting that she was better than everyone.</p>
<p>“She tries too hard, too tense, broadcasting she is for sale,” and her nose and lips were fake. I didn’t notice any of this, but the photographer did. “Think, Jim. Someone paid for this, and a good job like that costs a little fortune.” He was right, and now that I knew what I was looking at, the entire picture changed.</p>
<p>“There’s more to these two than meets the eye. You’d do well to watch yourself around them.” It was friendly advice from an experienced man. What made Fred such a great photographer was his attention to detail. His eyes saw nuance as well as the big picture. He was in the business of telling stories one shot at a time. It took years to train such a photographer’s eye, and I trusted him more to interpret the visual clues than I did myself.</p>
<p>“What do you see when you look at me, then?” I asked and laughed, “Be honest. I won’t be offended.” Fred grinned at me, measuring me up and down.</p>
<p>“You, Jim, are a mystery, a sugar-coated facade made out of smiles, so perfect that I can’t see through it, like layers of colour painted one over another. Your eyes give you away; they are too intelligent, too focused. You analyse all the time and measure the world with cold precision. People are easily seduced by your benign exterior when they should be scared. You, Jim, are a wolf in sheep’s clothing, a best friend and the worst enemy. You make it easy for everyone to see your good side, but I am willing to bet you don’t want them to see the bad one. I think that’s what you are trying to hide from everyone, maybe even yourself.” This got me thinking. Luckily, the models were done, and the photographer excused himself. I didn’t know what to say after he laid me bare.</p>
<p>“Wolf in sheep’s clothing,” I mumbled as I sat down on the sand, following the shoot with a fixed smile. “Is it true? Does everyone else see that?” I wondered, but after describing the two girls perfectly, I was willing to bet there was some truth in it. At least a little.</p>
<p>I saw only skewed pictures in mirrors all my life. Was I suffering from some kind of body dysmorphic disorder? I already knew that what I saw didn’t reflect reality too well, but what Fred described seemed much bigger than I assumed. He described someone cautious and powerful, only one of which I would ascribe to myself. I was careful all my life, calculated even, but never showed any inner power. I was the first of everyone to fold or shut up. A hundred times, I would pull back and never assert myself. How could I be someone opposite to every character trait I exhibited all my life? It felt like I was bewitched by a spell that prevented me from truly seeing myself, only a reflection of someone I vaguely recognised. Is that who I was? Was that my identity? Was my handicap the ability to only see myself through someone else’s eyes?</p>
<p>After the shoot finally ended, I pulled Fred aside and said, “I want you to teach me how to look at the world like you do.” His eyes looked up while he was mulling it through, considering the proposition.</p>
<p>“I don’t know if I can do that. I’m not even aware of how I do it myself, and I’ve got work to do.” I smiled. Everything can be taught and learned. It only depends on asking the right questions.</p>
<p>“I’ll give you five grand plus expenses to stay with us till the end of the week and teach me, and five grand more if you succeed,” Fred spoke with the director and returned a few minutes later.</p>
<p>“You’ve got a deal. I took a personal holiday.” We shook on it, and the deal was done. I could see Fred thought I was wasting my cash, but he was up for it if I was willing to try. Taking a few days off and chilling about photography skills and getting paid for it seemed like a well-deserved rest.</p>
<p>I thought Fred underestimated the value of the skill to peer through a tenfold veil and see the truth behind it. Even someone with great talent lived in a box where he was just a photographer. Somewhere along the line, Fred limited himself to being one thing only and built his gilded cage to trap himself inside to live out the rest of his life with his chosen identity. Most people do that and identify themselves with a job or a purpose. Someone believing he is a baker turns into a baker after some time, assuming that’s where he begins and ends.</p>
<p>Rylee and Callie hugged me like two cute slow lorises, hanging off my neck, looking at me with their big blue saucer eyes, squalling, Thank you, thank you,“ for organising all that. The two other girls just stood by, watching us with a jealous look in their eyes while the crew packed up and left.</p>
<p>”Who’s hungry?“ I asked.</p>
<p>”I’m starved,“ Fred added with a smile. He was on the clock now, and all the food was on me, so I laughed. Bailey decided to stay with the Hummer while Morgan chose to go with Fred’s Hybrid, probably hoping to score a few points with the photographer, perhaps to ignite the same passion as between Kate Moss and Mario Testino.</p>
<p>It made me chuckle a little, knowing what Fred thought about her and what I learned about Fred. I would have a better chance wooing him than she would, as Fred was as gay as they come, but he wasn’t camp. He was a well-dressed top with a chiselled jaw and masculine body language, utterly disinterested in women, any more than being a photographer. I wondered how long this craft would continue with the advent of generative artificial intelligence and recent changes in the fashion scene. How did we go from Kate Moss to Stella Tennant? Perhaps the fashion world had its own identity crisis trying to summon their inner Twiggy to restart the cycle.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>We stopped at another restaurant recommended by the concierge, and the food was excellent, as expected. So was the ambience. It had a slightly Mexican feel, with soft Latin music playing in the background. Many iridescent lights covered by art gave the place an exquisite, laid-back atmosphere.</p>
<p>Rylee and Calleee sat on my side with me in the middle, entirely in their environment, forgetting the world even existed. They giggled and put food into their mouths, then tapped my shoulder. When I would turn to them, the girls would kiss me and push the food into my mouth. Finally, after so long imagining it, I was reenacting the scene from ”Nine and a Half Weeks,“ and I was Mickey Rourke, only less handsome. If I could choose to imitate an actor, he would be the one.</p>
<p>The girls were clearly in the mood for something. Every now and then, one of them would reach under the table and give my cock a squeeze. What have I done? I got them used to marathon sex, or at least to incredible orgasms, turning the two flirty minxes into oversexed kittens. Apparently, they found my morning escapade with Bailey funny, but now they were claiming my time all for themselves.</p>
<p>While all this was happening, the girls on the other side tried to engage Fred. Still, he was more interested in his selection of delicacies than answering questions he found mundane. I found it funny to observe how nothing the girls did affected the man in any way. The sexual tension I felt all the time was just not there, and his body language showed someone disinterested, even mildly annoyed.</p>
<p>After the food, I ordered some coffee and desserts, and the conversation turned to the photoshoot. The girls chirped, telling and retelling their thoughts, feelings, and experiences while Fred and I talked business. Our format was simple. I would ask him a question, and he would answer or try to describe the concept.</p>
<p>Analysis and data correlation were my bread and butter. I spent my entire professional life talking to various stakeholders and getting down to the basics. A long time ago, there was a joke about a group of the smartest IT professionals getting together to design the most powerful computer language. It would be called Gold because it would be the best and have only one command: ”Do what I mean.“</p>
<p>After hours of heated debate, the gathered luminaries added an even more powerful command: ”Do what I should have meant.“ It was a humorous story used to illustrate the challenges of engineering requirements. We don’t call it ”gathering requirements“ because of the same problems. One requirement would often conflict with the other, depending on the viewpoints of various stakeholders.</p>
<p>That’s why various places developed techniques that were eventually standardised across the industry. They also produced collateral, most famously the document called SAD, which resulted from work by some of the smartest people at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh.</p>
<p>This evolved over time into several proprietary engineering methods, most notably one used by one of the largest IT consultancies, Capgemini, which later evolved into TOGAF. All of this and more, I had to read, digest, understand, and then master. We used several standards in my company, including ISO9001, which was applied across the board. The company I worked for was one of three or five multinationals that specialised in bespoke technology for large enterprises and governments. On top of it, we were an offshoot business and a sister company to one of the large defence contractors. No wonder we had processes ruling our lives, a substantial statutory compliance department, and everything took forever to get done.</p>
<p>My official title in the company was Senior Solutions, Domain Architect, and Subject Matter Expert. It was a mouthful. I advised a team of over two hundred IT professionals, six architects, a bunch of developers, and technical staff, with only about fifty onshore while the rest were offshore, mainly in India, across two major delivery partners.</p>
<p>My team worked across the board but had only one major client for whom I was directly responsible. The system we developed for them ran on a mixture of IBM mainframes and commodity hardware stacked in racks. A small portion of what we did ran in the cloud, with most remaining on premises due to deep tie-ins with legacy software in mainframes.</p>
<p>I did the math and had it validated. With two hundred million pounds of investment, we could trash the two football fields of data centres, retrain over a hundred staff that supported them, and over ten years, the investment would pay for itself as we could pass on the cloud hosting costs to the client. Unfortunately, nobody was interested, but they sent me to all sorts of seminars as a reward for showing initiative.</p>
<p>One of the courses I took was called the PQ, or rather precision questioning. It was an entire framework developed at Stanford University as a collaboration between Dennis Matthies and Dr. Worline. The core idea of the approach was to ask highly structured difficult questions and elicit structured answers in an effort to conduct deep analysis and solve complex problems.</p>
<p>All of this and my entire experience, everything I ever learned or read, I applied now to guide Fred towards giving me answers he never thought he had. Understanding something to its nth degree requires methodical analysis, breaking it down further. Why did you feel hot? What did you eat? What colour was the food you ate? What quantity? When did you eat? It takes a lot of data to correlate and build a model of understanding. Fred was a creative thinker who felt his way. I was taking him down the analytical rabbit hole, asking seemingly unrelated control questions to get to the core of his instinctive knowledge.</p>
<p>After some time, Fred stopped resisting my questions and trying to figure out why I was asking them. He was revealing to me his thinking patterns and the entire mental process he used to form opinions. Despite popular opinion, people are slaves to habitual behaviour. Most of that is self-trained, like looking both ways when you cross the road. Nobody ever thinks about why they look left then right as opposed to the reverse, even when moving to a country with different road rules. Very few people follow the logical process like ”if cars drive on this side, then I should first look there.“</p>
<p>The same could be applied to a whole range of activities. Do you open your fridge throughout the day just to see what’s changed or to get a snack without being hungry, merely looking for an idea? If you do, chances are you’re a habitual eater, which often stems from poor discipline instilled by parents with similar habits or from being poor enough to have an empty fridge as a child.</p>
<p>One could notice a simple thing on the surface, then drill deep, asking unrelated questions like your parents’ jobs, for example. This kind of questioning allowed me to clarify the exact technical requirements of our stakeholders when I talked to them. Any engineer could tell that ”the system must perform well“ is a terrible non-functional requirement. Converting that statement to five nines is the process that requirements engineers follow every day. I used the same process with Fred.</p>
<p>I always believed that most things could be quantified. If you can measure it, you can track it, develop a formula or algorithm to predict it with reasonable certainty and apply it. I wanted to extract Fred’s formula for reading people, learn it, and apply it to everyone I observed.</p>
<p>The girls were getting restless as they ran out of topics to discuss, while Fred and I ignored them deep in our conversation. It wasn’t fair to them, so we parked it for later.</p>
<p>”Anyone want to check out the Gaslamp district?“ Resounding yeses came from everyone. We packed up into the cars and drove away, and just forty minutes later, we were walking around the place. It was like an adult Disneyland with shops, bars, and restaurants. Bailey used the opportunity to claim my hand while Riley took another, and Callie held hers on the other end.</p>
<p>The girls oohed at little stores as if they’d never seen anything before. It was just good, clean, fun, going around, enjoying our time with no plan. At one moment, I heard some excellent rock coming in from the left. We followed the sound and found a little bar with a band performing a good rendition of the Immigrant Song.</p>
<p>Any place that plays Led Zeppelin for its customers was all right in my book. I waved the bartender over, pointing at one of the VIP tables. He gave me the thumbs up, and we fought the crowd and sat down. I was amazed at how chill everything looked. Even the bouncers just waved us through without checking the girls’ ages. Everyone was twenty-one or older except Callie. I jokingly told her, if someone asked, to say she identifies as twenty-one. After all, we were in California, where you can loot a store and not get arrested. What’s a slight age deception in comparison? I was sure I could convince bouncers that numbers are socially constructed concepts anyway.</p>
<p>Who doesn’t dance to Deep Purple? Rylee pulled me to the dance floor and started headbanging and jumping around like a rabbit on coke, screaming, ”Smoke on the Water,“ she sang off-key, holding my hand, coming into me, and colliding with my chest and back. It felt like the entire bar was watching us, and I didn’t care. What kind of an American adventure would that be without English bands rocking?</p>
<p>It was as if they heard me, and the band parried with Jimi’s ”All Along the Watchtower,“ one of my favourites. That’s where the screaming began, delving back into the deep with ”Child in Time,“ upping the stakes with The Doors singing ”LA Woman.“ At that moment, the rest of the girls joined us, jumping and pumping their fists in the air as if at a concert, mouthing the verses.</p>
<p>Everyone was having a blast except Fred. This wasn’t his scene, so after a few minutes of sitting alone, he waved us goodbye and walked away. I booked him a small room at the same hotel, so I assumed he went there to empty the minibar and lull himself to sleep with alcohol. It’s strange how some of the most flamboyant professions seem to attract the listless. If I were a photographer, I’d probably be partying every day. Maybe that was the issue, and he was all partied out. Fred was my age and ready to retire as if life had drained him.</p>
<p>With the downer gone, we ordered another round of cocktails. I suspected Fred had a drinking problem since all the champagne was gone. We clinked our glasses and danced to The Stones. It was the ”Harlem Shuffle.“</p>
<p>After a while, the music changed. The main vocalist needed a break, but the instruments stayed, and the music slowed. Callie was the first to capitalise on that, leaning her soft body against me as we danced to the sound of ”Samba Pa Ti“ by Carlos Santana. Morgan was next. She managed to pull me away for as long as it took Fleetwood Mac’s ”Albatross“ to play. It was a blast.</p>
<p>All the girls had at least two chances to share a slow dance with me, and I enjoyed all of them. Their soft, supple skin, warmed by the drinks, nestled cosily against mine, lifted my spirits in multiple ways. I was seduced, aroused, beguiled, ready for whatever followed.</p>
<p>The girls looked at me confused as the singer returned, and the drummers played like maniacs. They didn’t recognise the tune, but I was thrilled. Nobody expects to hear King Crimson’s ”Twenty-First Century Schizoid Man“ in a downtown bar somewhere in America.</p>
<p>It was late when we got back to the hotel. The girls were holding hands, singing and shushing each other lightly under the influence of enough cocktails to put them in the mood for mischief without getting drunk. Rylee and Callie insisted that we take Bailey into the shower with us. She didn’t protest. In fact, she was the first one to drop her dress to the floor and run inside.</p>
<p>I followed, holding the hands of two sexy blondes. It all started with an artificial loofah and soap. We lathered each other’s skin, taking plenty of liberties, and by the time we finished, my cock was as hard as a pole, and the girls were horny as the devil himself.</p>
<p>”Do her, do her,“ Callie squealed, and Rylee joined the adventure. They pulled Bailey’s arms up as she lay on the bed. The two blondes knelt next to her head, pinning her down, while I had unrestricted access to her neatly trimmed, curly ginger landing zone.</p>
<p>Bailey’s pussy was beckoning. It smelled so tasty and inviting. All I wanted to do was to bury my tongue in and partake in some of the nectar her perfect pink orifice was expunging. Who could have guessed twice on the same day? Our morning adventure seemed so far away. A lot has happened since, a perfect day of adventure, but I did promise to give her an orgasm like she saw me give to the two blondes the evening before.</p>
<p>I started slowly and tasted her skin. The girls were mesmerised. They watched what I was doing to Bailey with almost bizarre fascination in their eyes. Fred was right; Bailey was a slut, or at least she moaned like one, like she was in a porn film, letting it all out. He was wrong about passing judgment, though. Fred’s came from a bitter place. Someone hurt him in the past, or something happened to make him so jaded. I wanted the clarity of his vision, not the rest of the mess in his head, and what man didn’t want at least once a complete slut in his bed? As they say, the lady on the street and the tramp between the sheets. Perhaps that’s why I married Tina, too naive to know how to recognise a tramp through and through in desperate need of sex, just not from me.</p>
<p>By now, I had become quite an expert in dishing out oral pleasure. I had the time to practice, experiment, hone my craft, and learn how to play the instrument. I brought all that and more into the task of pleasing the woman trapped on my bed. The redhead slut came and squealed, then came some more and again.</p>
<p>From the back of my head, I sensed Morgan watching us. Who cared? She was welcome to jump in and join the fun, but she purposely kept herself out of the game, like some sort of princess, looking for an angle to trade her pleasure for some other value.</p>
<p>Fred’s judgment was spot on two out of two, but what did I care? I had two gorgeous babes, just begging to get laid, and now the third one, squirming in my arms. I felt blessed as of late. Whatever I did or didn’t do that made all this happen was working, and I thanked Dan in silence. He taught me the skills on which I expanded. Fred was right; I watched and analysed all the time, then applied everything I could to the skills I learned. I was always a good student.</p>
<p>Bailey shook and shivered as I pulled up her clitoral hood and licked. She hissed through her teeth like a snake, riding the wave past the moment her clit felt too sensitive. It was a barrier, more mental than physical. I was teaching her brain how to recognise the arousal so high it was almost painful in nature. My tongue was sore, but I persisted, and at one moment, her leg muscles started to tremble. Little ”oh, oh“ sounds burst through her lips, and she pulled her arms like a lunatic, but the girls were kneeling on them. Then she came.</p>
<p>A high-pitched soprano scream, probably hitting E6, burst through Bailey’s lips as her body tensed. She babbled something incoherent, probably speaking in tongues to the demon that possessed her for a moment. Her pussy didn’t explode in a violent burst of water, but it contracted so hard she almost prolapsed. I could see the pink inside crumple up and try to break through. It was fascinating to watch the anatomy at work while Bailey squealed and trembled.</p>
<p>At that moment, my eye caught a reflection in the painting frame, so I turned my head just in time to see Morgan orgasm. She watched us and diddled her clit at the same time. It turned her on to watch Bailey’s torture. Morgan’s eyes met mine, and they locked as she bit her lip and her knees buckled. There were no pretences anymore. She knew that I knew for sure. For some reason, this seemed to turn her on even more, and another wave of spasms took out her strength.</p>

</body>
</html>
