<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 21 - High society</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 21 - High society</h2>
<p>I jumped a little, feeling warm hands on my skin. I woke up just after dawn and went for a swim, then collapsed in the chair outside, watching the sunrise. It felt so lovely—warm and refreshing, all at the same time. The quiet, cool breeze was blowing from the ocean, carrying the scent of sea and salt with it. It was a combination that seduced me back into my slumber.</p>
<p>The previous night tested my strength, and I resolved to exercise my stamina more after my return to the UK. After making Bailey orgasm, I thought of a sinister plan, so I mounted her and fucked her until she had another orgasm before ejaculating and filling her up. Then, I pulled Callie over and made her clean Bailey’s pussy with her tongue, then share the spoils with her best friend, and so they rotated.</p>
<p>The girls were too far gone in their own arousal to think about what to do or what was right, so they dove between Bailey’s legs and feasted on her exhausted pussy, making her orgasm four more times. Meanwhile, Bailey sucked my cock until I got hard again, then I fucked Callie with all my strength, and twenty minutes later, I erupted again, filling her teenage pussy with my semen.</p>
<p>I made Callie lay on her back, then pulled Bailey in to return the favour and share the spoils with Rylee. By that time, Rylee was too far gone, and when I pulled her over between Callie’s legs, she licked her best friend’s pussy with all the repressed desire coming out. I helped the two best friends cross that mental barrier. Within minutes, the two were in a sixty-nine position, licking each other like it was going out of style. I managed another orgasm, which I deposited into Rylee, filling her up deep inside.</p>
<p>The games continued until early morning when all of us collapsed. I was up as soon as dawn came, begging for a cool swim, air-drying, and rest. That’s how Morgan found me. She tiptoed over, completely naked, having probably heard the story from Bailey and was hoping to test her chances.</p>
<p>It took me a second to focus after being jerked out of my slumber. Morgan sat on the sun bed next to me, and I lazily admired her perfectly shaped breasts. She let me get on with it with a little smile. Despite the intense previous night, my cock stood erect, like a pole, like a sundial for tracking shadows and determining time. It was about the right hour for a morning blowjob.</p>
<p>“Can I talk to you about something?“ Morgan started, and I just nodded for her to continue. “I want to make a proposal to you. I would like you to introduce me to that film agent you know and put in a good word for me.“ I would do it anyway, just for the asking, but since she put it this way, I thought of playing a little game. Morgan kept aside for a couple of days until she realised nothing was happening—she had been marginalised by the other ladies. This happens when you don’t participate, just stand, watch, and calculate, so I thought of a little prank, lowered myself to her paradigm, and asked.</p>
<p>“And what do I get in return?” She expected that without batting an eyelash.</p>
<p>“You get me. You can do anything you want with me, whatever you like. You can have sex with me or involve me in your sexual games.” I almost burst out in laughter. I saw her last night, and she was horny as fuck, just needing some sort of value exchange as an excuse for giving it up. For her, it was a trade of services. Giving her body for free, without even a promise, was devaluing her assets. I could understand that. It was a strange mindset to apply, but a valid one on a bizarre, messed up level. Humans have a natural sense of reciprocity—I’ll do you a favour, then you do one for me. Morgan wanted it all spelt out in advance. I could do that.</p>
<p>“Let me understand. I get to do anything I like with you sexually or otherwise, and you would be an eager and enthusiastic partner without complaints. When we get back to LA, I introduce you to my movie agent friend and put in a good word?” She nodded with a smile, so I shook her hand for a dramatic effect.</p>
<p>“You have a deal. Now, I want you to go downstairs and get me a fresh cup of coffee from the bar, then come back here and suck my cock until I tell you to stop.” She quickly got up and tapped away, put on a bathrobe and slippers, and disappeared to return in ten minutes, bringing me a fresh cup of coffee. She dropped her bathrobe on the floor and knelt on it, then started sucking my dick.</p>
<p>“Slowly, slowly. I don’t want to cum too quickly. I want you to bring me close to orgasm and then wait for my command to make me blow my seed, then swallow all of it and continue to suck.”</p>
<p>“Mmm hmm,” she mumbled with my cock in her mouth and slowly licked, nibbled, and sucked. Soon, my engorged cock was bursting, and my heart was pumping like mad. I was in the clouds, close to my orgasm, yet still far away. It felt divine. I took a sip of hot coffee and closed my eyes with a smile, thinking I could get used to this life.</p>
<p>I lost track of time. Morgan must have sucked my cock for at least an hour. I heard a giggle, and then the girls came out, splashed into a pool, and swam up to the edge. All three of them rested their chins on the side of the pool and stared at Morgan blowing me, keeping it slow and methodical, just out of reach of an orgasm.</p>
<p>Morgan’s face and neck were flushed. Her thighs were wet from her pussy juices, and she would rub her clit every now and then, just to try and fix the situation, only making it worse. I realised it turned her on to be treated this way, objectified and used for sex. Something went haywire in Morgan’s brain a long time ago. I wondered why a woman would get aroused by that, but we all have our secret fantasies. Apparently, this one was hers, to be in someone else’s power who saw her as nothing more than a beautiful doll to fuck. So young, only twenty-two and already messed up. It took me more time than this to develop my mental issues. It was a strange and revealing moment. I ran from the control of other people, and Morgan ran towards it as if she felt safer or had a sense of value when someone saw her as a receptacle for semen. Each to their own, I thought and ordered.</p>
<p>“Suck me hard, make me cum.“ So she did and increased her tempo, slurping like a pro. An image of Lexi shot through my mind, and the first moment I glimpsed real life, seeing myself as a man, I exploded. My cock erupted a thick spray of sperm right into Morgan’s throat. She expected it, but not the volume, so she choked a little and coughed, still sucking for dear life. I saw two white streaks of sperm coming out of her nostrils. I never even considered filling someone’s sinuses with my jizz. Morgan looked positively fucked, a poster child for every budding cocksucker.</p>
<p>The girls clapped from the pool and whistled. Morgan looked at me with begging eyes and pleaded. I ignored her super aroused state. We had a deal, and I was already thinking of the pranks coming next, so I took her hand and led her to the pool to cool down a little.</p>
<p>We had an entire day ahead of us, and the girls made a plan, but before we could do any of it, they devised a prank. As soon as we finished breakfast, the girls took Morgan upstairs and dressed her up to look sexy as hell in a short mini skirt and bandana top two sizes too small, high heels and no panties. We sat in the car, and the navigation showed me a way to an adult bookstore. The girls knew exactly what to look for and came out in fifteen minutes carrying four remote vibrators in different colours, several sachets of silicone lubricant and one medium-sized butt plug with a red ruby-like glass jewel at the end.</p>
<p>I almost burst into laughter as they cleaned the sex toys with wet wipes. Morgan looked at me with pleading eyes, but I just shrugged. A deal was a deal; from what I observed, she got turned on by being treated like that. I was right. Her pussy was sopping wet, and her breath was shallow and fast. The girls lubed up the butt plug and slowly wedged it into Morgan’s ass. Then, with the greatest care, they positioned the remote vibrator at the precise spot on her clit, and we took off. While I drove, the girls played with the remote control, sending different vibration models into Morgan’s pussy. It was torture going from “you’re going to cum“ to “you are so fucked.“ The girls seemed to find endless satisfaction in torturing their friend. I watched it and thought to myself, is it me, or are women more vicious than men?</p>
<p>I thought the girls would let up after some time and show Morgan some mercy and make her rest, but I was wrong. They didn’t want the games to end. The girls would talk about something, then see Morgan’s face, play with her for a minute, and continue talking like nothing happened.</p>
<p>Never before had I seen eyes more desperate. Morgan looked at me, pleading for a release. It strangely aroused me to see her in such a way, so close yet so far away, begging to take a plunge. The girls kept Morgan on the edge and made sure she didn’t cross over. It was a torture unlike any I could devise, but it seemed like just what the young beauty needed. Gone was that superior haughtiness. Morgan was now just a twenty-two-year-old girl begging for a release. No other thought or scheme plagued her mind, only raw, natural, bestial urges to reproduce and consume what her body desired. It turned me on.</p>
<p>We drove to Temecula and took a balloon ride. All the girls oohed and ahhed, including Morgan, albeit for a completely different reason. After we finally landed, the girls voted to go for a late lunch at a fancy restaurant with plenty of families with children. Morgan was the only one who looked out of place in her high heels and bursting bandana band. I caught more than one frown directed our way, but no husband would dare to come to defend his wife’s moral outrage, afraid of what my girls would say. We live in a polite society where everyone is afraid of other people’s opinions.</p>
<p>“Are you okay, miss?“ The waiter asked, seeing Morgan’s red face and sweaty forehead. She frantically nodded, forcing a smile, looking at the spaghetti Bolognese the girls ordered for her. For the last hour or so, she had been incredibly quiet, using all of her energy to concentrate. It was a torture. Morgan wanted to cum so badly, but she was too embarrassed, always surrounded by multiple people. What kind of monster goes out dressed like that just to cum in front of decent god-fearing customers? It was a diabolic game, but I could see, deep down inside, Morgan was enjoying herself.</p>
<p>When we returned to the hotel, the girls bought some ice cream and sunbathed naked on the terrace without removing any attachments from Morgan. Her pussy was soaked and terribly swollen. I went to the bar downstairs and sat in a plush sofa chair, sipping coffee and talking to Fred.</p>
<p>It took me a while to process what I had learned from him earlier and work out the sequence of questions and control answers in my head. Fred was happy to talk, especially when it went into anecdotes about his life, his wins and times when he was particularly clever. This time, I wrote everything on an Excel spreadsheet, categorising and scoring the information as he spoke. I wasn’t a psychiatrist, but I thought he could use one. There was a continuous self-destructive theme going through his entire life. It takes one to know one. It was easy to recognise. The more I learned about people, the more I was surprised at how similar we all are.</p>
<p>Fred excused himself before dinner, opting to take his alone. For some reason, he didn’t like spending time with girls. I thought it was the alcohol, but after our second long chat, I realised it was deeper than that. Whatever it was didn’t interest me much. Each to their own, they say, so I joined the girls upstairs.</p>
<p>Morgan was in a terrible state. She developed some sort of a shiver, and her eyes were bulging. The girls kept her horny for the whole day. I tried to imagine myself close to orgasm for over twelve hours, desperately trying to cum, but not allowed. I had to admire Morgan’s resolve. We made a deal, and she stuck it to the letter. I forbade her from masturbating or making herself cum, and she didn’t try to subvert that. It made me realise she wanted that leg up in acting that much. What must have been going through her mind? It made me understand we’re all broken a little, each in our own way. It is the life we lead and the society that puts a carrot in front of us and gives us a stick every time we raise our heads to ask for more.</p>
<p>I sat on my favourite chair after sunset, trying to find where the sky and the sea met. The night breeze was fresh, carrying a different scent. That was one of the best things about this place. The girls were busy discussing something. It seemed like Bailey made herself a part of the three, but Morgan was clearly an outsider — a white crow of the group.</p>
<p>Just as I sipped a cocktail, Morgan approached me and knelt beside the chair, putting her hand on my leg. I touched her face, and it felt hot like she was running a fever. The girls planned to keep her like this throughout the night, but in the state she was, I doubted she would survive.</p>
<p>“Please, Jim, let me cum, please.“ I smiled and stroked her hair with my fingers. She pushed her face against my palm, looking like a wild horse that’s been caught and tamed.</p>
<p>“What will you give me for that?“ I asked, building on our earlier conversational frame.</p>
<p>“Whatever you want. Anything.“ This, long since stopped being a game for me and turned into an experiment. I was a student of society, an investigator of what made people who they were, how they thought, how they ticked, and what made them this way. It helped me look inside and investigate myself. This entire exercise has long since stopped being about making friends and meeting women. I knew I could do this now in my sleep if I wanted. I was looking for something more, a profound change in myself. It was already well on its way, but I needed to understand, so I pushed and prodded.</p>
<p>“Define anything. It is too ambiguous. I want a concrete example.“ Anything could mean completely different things to two people.</p>
<p>“You can have sex with me any time. I will be your personal whore, your sex slave. You can do whatever you like with me.“ I could only see a silhouette of her face in the light of soft lights, but I was sure she was burning red. Ah, the truth and the fantasy—it was all coming out at once. I figured out much earlier that, on some bizarre level, this was what Morgan needed. We stepped into it by accident or a prank, which helped me discover an entirely different side of the woman I thought I understood, and I was fascinated. She wanted to be used and treated like a sex doll and objectified. Why would you mention a thing like this if, on some level, you didn’t desire it? Funny how the mind works, I thought at the moment. We all gravitate to things we claim that we are afraid of.</p>
<p>I wanted to try something else, to push the envelope, see how far I could take it before she sent me to hell. It was a game of wits, two minds against each other, dancing around the fire, testing the heat, knowing that one of us would end up burned sooner or later. Morgan wasn’t thinking clearly. She was under the influence of almost immeasurable horniness, and I wanted to examine its effect.</p>
<p>“Are you sure I could do anything to you, anything that comes to my mind? “ Silence. I could hear cicadas clearer than ever. “Yes, yes, I promise.“</p>
<p>“Even if I wanted to make you pregnant?” Her lips moved almost imperceptibly, and she whispered, “Yes.“</p>
<p>“What was that? I didn’t hear you.“ She cleared her throat a few times. Her eyes were big like planets, laser-focused on mine.</p>
<p>“Yes, Jim. I’ll let you make me pregnant.“ I lost, she won. There was something really messed up with that girl. It’s all fun and games, little ties and tease and role play. I was sure that almost every couple did something like that to an extent. Tina, my ex-wife, loved to do that. Her favourite game was to pretend she was married and cuckold her husband with her ex-boyfriend until getting caught, that is. I think she hated me so much because I ruined her game.</p>
<p>I shook my hand with Morgan for the first time to seal the deal. It was time to pay up. I took Morgan’s hand and led her to the shower. All the other girls giggled, watching us from the outside, even as I pushed her onto her bed. Every square inch of Morgan’s body was covered in goosebumps. She wasn’t a woman anymore but a beast, an animal to be bred.</p>
<p>Morgan’s first orgasm was the most powerful one any of us witnessed, almost breaking her back and leaving her joints dislocated. For a moment, I was scared that someone would call the police. I’ve never heard a woman scream so loud in my life, even in the movies when someone tortures another; nothing like this could prepare me for the intensity and volume.“</p>
<p>I fucked Morgan all night, and the rest of the girls joined. She told me I could do anything to her, and that’s what I did. I thought she would pass out at one point, but Morgan took it as a trooper. She soldiered through, and I lost count of how many orgasms she had. I filled up her pussy so many times, but the three little sperm vampires sucked it all out.</p>
<p>At one moment, I realised that there is some sort of a threshold for everyone. Once the number of people crosses that number, no matter how weird or strange it is, the group normalises it. It took Rylee and Callie to normalise threesomes. Adding Bailey to the group normalised lesbian sex between two best friends. The three of them found it fun to terrorise Morgan, and adding her to the three of them normalised group sex. It explained so much about the world today.</p>
<p>I was done and exhausted by the time the girls collapsed, so I extricated myself from the human centipede and jumped into a pool outside. Just as I sat on my towel and placed it on the sun bed, I heard tapping of feet, and Morgan came over. She knelt next to me and put her head on my lap. I stroked her hair, and she almost purred like a cat. I realised there and then that I have some sort of a superpower to attract weird and strange, all that is broken and damaged. Perhaps my own broken persona resonated with the right frequencies. Whatever it was, Morgan was shattered in so many ways beyond repair. It was either me or the world that created broken people. I would need a perfectly functioning clone of myself as a control subject to verify my assumptions.</p>
<p>“Thank you,“ Morgan said, and her eyes glistened. Immediately, my mind went to Cassie; same responses, same behavioural patterns. Before I could ask her anything else, Morgan took my exhausted flaccid cock in her mouth and sucked it gently like a pacifier. She wasn’t trying to please me or make me cum. I got the impression she did it for her own enjoyment, which wasn’t sexual but something unquantifiable. My mind rang with warning flags, so many incongruences. The girls found us asleep on the terrace later. Morgan slept on top of me, in a foetal position, with her arms wrapped around my neck.</p>
<p>“Good morning,“ she said and hugged me tighter. I had some time to think about everything last night. Someone in Morgan’s past took great effort and care to destroy something precious and turn her into the creature she is today. I knew at that moment that all Fred had to teach me was only skin deep, the surface. His eyes were detailed, but he could only see what was presented, not the truth beneath the mask or the brick below the facade.</p>
<p>It took me a few tries to get up with Morgan in my arms, and she squealed and giggled like a kid when I jumped into the pool with her to join the other girls. Rylee and Callie kissed me for ten minutes, Bailey said she was horny again. We were like a weird, dysfunctional family that loved each other despite the world’s judgment.</p>
<p>The girls played shark for a while, splashing and squealing before breakfast. It looked like Morgan dropped whatever was holding her back and became a part of the group. It was a simple plan. Today, we’ll go to Sea World, and tomorrow, we’ll go to Balboa Park, a day after San Diego Zoo and Safari Park. Everyone cheered with big smiles and sparkling eyes.</p>
<p>“Have you got all the vibrators charged?“ I asked, and Rylee nodded. Morgan looked at me with a pleading look and a quiet begging on her face. Deep down inside, I was sure she enjoyed being teased this way, and after all, she swore I could do anything, and I wasn’t going to let her forget it.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>For a moment, it felt like our life was perfect; this became a reality and not only a holiday. The girls were so used to me and each other that they created a firm bond with each other. In the end, it didn’t take much to get there. Everyone opened up to each other and made best friends forever; everyone changed in different ways, becoming someone better.</p>
<p>I liked to think that I was the catalyst, but more likely, I played the role of facilitator of something inevitable. Once you brush all the rubbish aside, you’re left with a tabula rasa, the clean slate. From that point, you could build anything, so the girls did something meaningful, a lasting friendship.</p>
<p>We were halfway to LA when it finally dawned on them that we were coming to the end of the adventure. Everyone felt a bit lost, including myself. At least we would have one more opportunity to celebrate. When I messaged Gareth about Morgan, he invited us all to a Playboy Mansion party. Apparently, it was some sort of a members-only event reserved for VIPs and their guests.</p>
<p>I didn’t know what it was all about, but I thought it was an excellent opportunity to network, especially for Morgan if she wanted to break through as an actress. She changed somehow over the last few days. Her eyes followed me constantly, and she would come and curl in my lap. I thought it was daddy issues coming out, but something didn’t add up.</p>
<p>Dan told me once, “Don’t ever shovel the shit at the bottom of the barrel. There is nothing valuable there. You’ll only make the person feel angry or sad, and you run the risk of learning something you’re better off not knowing.” I didn’t ask; Morgan didn’t offer. We had it perfect as we were.</p>
<p>Each day we would attach the vibrators to Morgan’s pussy, and she would die from need and embarrassment. The girls made sure to torture her even more, to bring her to the very brink and keep her there, begging and pleading for a release. At night, we would reenact the first time. Morgan would come to me and beg me repeatedly, each time adding something weirder, more graphic. I started to realise that just making a veiled suggestion I would make her pregnant turned her on. Instead of scaring her, she began to fantasise about being naked and pregnant with a bulging belly and milk-filled tits kneeling next to my bed, sucking my cock all the time, drinking my sperm.</p>
<p>She would scream such obscenities when I would eat her pussy, shouting at me, “Please, put a baby into me,” and many things worse. Morgan took it to the next level, involving leathers, chains, whips, and canes. I realised early on that she was submissive but overcorrecting. One night, she told me how she got this way, and I stopped her. I didn’t want to hear about her debasement. To me, she was lovely the way she was. I didn’t want to hurt her even when she asked. I never understood the need to hurt each other. Logically, the brain could sometimes confuse pleasure and pain, but I wasn’t wired this way.</p>
<p>I took the girls shopping again and bought them lovely dresses, making them look like princesses. That night, the doors opened, and we were welcomed into the belly of the beast, so to speak. Never before had I even considered visiting a club like that, but I was always in awe of beautiful women. One time, at the age of sixteen or so, my mother caught me masturbating to pictures inside Playboy.</p>
<p>Since then, I wondered what kind of man one would have to be to even get a smile from a woman like this. It turns out I was bringing four with me as I crossed the entrance. We can talk about money, status, and power all night. Still, nothing screams this more than walking into a place with four gorgeous ladies holding onto you, following every move you make with their eyes. There was no doubt in anyone who bothered to look at us that I was having regular sex with all four girls every day. All four of them had that freshly fucked glow to them.</p>
<p>At least I was at the right place. The old man, Heff, passed and left us with a message: “Life is too short to be living someone else’s dream.“ He was another icon, a prophet of our times. He was long gone, but his spirit remained. In the style the old man practically patented, I walked into his house with four women. Somehow, I thought we would be friends if he were alive today. I wished he were around and that he was one of my teachers. Heff lived the most hedonistic life of all known celebrities, and I wondered how many secrets he took to his grave after passing away at ninety-one.</p>
<p>Gareth found me and introduced us to his friends. The girls recognised some but not the others.</p>
<p>“This is Morgan, I like her a lot,“ I introduced her, and they shook hands. Something was missing there. Somehow, it seemed to me that Morgan had lost interest. She had tried for so long to break through in the movies, and when an opportunity presented itself, she went quiet and kind of pulled back. I wondered if that was a part of her character prone to self-sabotage. Morgan was once a scheming, plotting, calculating machine, but after a week with us, all that vanished. In all fairness, I preferred the new Morgan better. She projected a much more natural picture than before, but this one seemed to have no drive, ambition, or desire to push herself. Go figure.</p>
<p>Frank and I had enough time to talk and for me to download his brain. In the end, it wasn’t so hard, but I wanted to know if it was worth the ten grand I paid, plus a grand in minibar charges. The man was too lazy to even call room service. We all have our demons to contend with. When he left, I thought, good riddance. Towards the end, he gives out a desperate vibe. It was cramping my style.</p>
<p>After dissecting and analysing what Frank taught me to the Nth degree, I came up with a set of applicable processes worth implementing when observing the world and the people. Frank used a sort of heightened spatial awareness, noticing some unique details about people and places. He would look at the scene and almost have a checklist to run through—the lights, shadows, time of day, separating and classifying negative space from what is the subject, and then he would deep dive.</p>
<p>Frank could instantly notice if a person had bad teeth, an oddly shaped nose, or any other deformities compared to a perfected vision of an ideal male or female. Then, he would run a sort of pattern recognition algorithm in his brain, a map of physical attributes to recurring behavioural classifications. For example, if he noticed tattoos or piercings, Frank would instantly look for cuts on his forearms. If he found them, he would look for cuts on the wrists. One could almost map out someone’s journey in coarse-grained steps. If Frank noticed cellulite on a girl’s ass, it would mean something. He would look for stretch marks on her belly and breasts. Frank would look at the nails, the type of manicure she had, the length and thickness of her fingers, and the shape of her hand and instantly classify. There was so much he could extract as assumptions about someone’s life, then cross-reference and score inside his mind, coming up with a picture that was very shallow but very accurate, similar to what I read as a child in books by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, the author of Sherlock Holmes novels. I always wanted that power of deduction, and Frank had it, albeit not as powerful as the fictional detective.</p>
<p>Rylee and Callie couldn’t stay late. Their flight was at eleven, so they had to leave at eight. They cried as if someone had died, begging me never to forget them. Somehow, despite everything, they got it into their heads that this was the last time I would see them, and they were inconsolable.</p>
<p>“I’ve got a small gift for you,” I said, handing over two small packets. “Open it on the plane, not earlier.” The girls hugged me and cried, telling me how much they loved me, and they wouldn’t listen when I told them we’d see each other again. Sometimes, the voice in your head is so loud that you can’t hear anything else.</p>
<p>Their makeup was ruined when they entered the taxi that came to collect them. I waved them off, and they cried; then I smiled. Inside the packages were two brand-new iPhones, top models, and two open-ended return tickets to London. They could use them any time they liked. I was pretty sure I would see them again soon.</p>
<p>The girls’ departure dampened the mood of the two remaining girls, who held onto my hands as if they were scared to express their feelings. It wasn’t necessary. I knew exactly how they felt. I got them a couple of cocktails, and then we sat down and talked.</p>
<p>“I like you both very much, and I don’t want it to end here.” The girls burst into tears like snow in the winter.</p>
<p>“We don’t want to lose you either. Please, can’t you stay? When are you coming back?” They bombarded me with questions, and I shushed them.</p>
<p>“I want you to visit me in London. I’ll buy you the tickets.” They wanted to go immediately, to fly with me right then. Still, I reminded them that they had lives and responsibilities to take care of before they came over.</p>
<p>“You don’t know what will happen next, nor do I.” They figured it out and already started making plans about all the things they needed to sort out and organise before flying out. I was right. This wouldn’t be a trip with a purpose. What happens if they come for a week or a month, and then what? Go back to where they came from to restart their life? It was complicated. What I was proposing was less of a holiday and more of a great escape. It was the test of their faith.</p>
<p>Gareth found me and took me away, leaving the girls to schmooze with bunnies and celebrities. He took me to a side room and introduced me to a group of guys about my age.</p>
<p>“We are very impressed,” one of them said. At first, I thought about the women I brought with me, but it was a combination of things. It was my Instagram. Gareth had me checked out; everyone I had as a friend was somebody somewhere. It was plainly obvious I was a Chamber member; I had a Vertu phone and used a concierge. Although a little unorthodox for their taste, they wanted to make friends.</p>
<p>“We would like to invite you to our lodge.”</p>
<p>“Like Freemasons or something?” The guys laughed. They heard that often. They were all members of a secret fraternity similar to The Chamber. It was based on a principle similar to the Freemasons in terms of structure, but it was only concerned with power.</p>
<p>“A rising tide lifts all ships,” one man said, reciting one of my favourite quotes. I knew exactly what they meant. It was a large group of wealthy businessmen and industrialists, the who’s who of influential people, with net worths ranging from millions to tens of billions. They were a cross-border society doing favourable deals for each other, trading with each other, and granting favours. They were a truly international organisation that cost a hundred grand a year to join, and you got invited to all sorts of members-only events for entertainment and networking. I smiled. How could I ever resist? But I didn’t have a hundred grand to spare.</p>
<p>“You don’t understand me,” the man said. “That girl of yours with pretty eyes, Morgan, is it? She could be an actress just like that,” he said and snapped his fingers. What had I stepped into? I wondered. When I asked Gareth for a favour, he either misinterpreted it or saw an opportunity in it.</p>
<p>When I joined The Chamber, I realised there was a world beneath the world you taste and see. Without The Chamber, the guys here wouldn’t even be interested. It was a vertical vetting process. Once you’re a member, you climb to somewhere, a destination—a better life. The man wasn’t really offering; he was telling me.</p>
<p>I could join The Society, or they would wash their hands of me. It was a one-time opportunity to rub shoulders with people so far beyond my reach that I couldn’t even get a minute on their calendar, let alone present some deal. It was clear to me. As they say, in for a penny, in for a pound, but a hundred thousand dollars was like eighty thousand pounds. I could afford it for a year, but then what? Luckily, I had a plan. I always had one, plan A, B, and C, but it was little more than vapour.</p>
<p>In the end, my logic prevailed. I was coerced into joining The Chamber and profited, never even considering leaving after my membership lapsed. It gave me Cassie and access to Jack, a springboard for jumping up. I pulled out my credit card and handed it over. From somewhere in the back, a woman arrived holding a terminal. Tap-tappity-tap, and there we were. I was done.</p>
<p>Everyone shook my hand, welcoming me into their club. Unlike The Chamber, The Society didn’t have a fixed place. They booked meeting venues as needed in locations around the globe. Their appointed secretary took my details to record them in their system. From that moment on, I was a member. The only thing I had to do was swear an oath of silence. I couldn’t talk to anyone about the Society or its members nor acknowledge its existence. It wasn’t a non-profit organisation or a club accountable to the government. The Society was more of an underground movement, like the fight club in the movies, and comprised only rich and powerful people.</p>
<p>“How about this?“ I pointed at the Google web search and looked up The Society. It returned all sorts of results, including the films with the same name. I was looking for any documents or leaks about it. Several members stood next to me, watching me scroll through it.</p>
<p>“We are all sworn to secrecy. It is mutually beneficial to all of us to stay anonymous. Any shyster on the internet could claim a connection to us, but it would be a lie. We would never publicly divulge our existence.“ I imagined there would be a few such groups looking to scam people. I wanted to test everyone’s reaction to being exposed like that, and I got a distinct sense it would be extremely unwise.</p>
<p>We celebrated for an hour, and I got all my questions answered. It was funny in a way. I was a small fish swimming with sharks, but I had no doubt that if I wanted a new job, someone somewhere would give me one, much better paid than the one I had. For a split instant, I wanted to ask for a CTO position inside the club, but I bit my lip and curbed my enthusiasm. There is something to be said about not worrying about finding a job again. If they could get the girls into film, surely they could find a place for a member. I finally excused myself and went to say goodbye to the ladies. They cried and sobbed, promising to come to London and see me again. It was easier said than done, but I trusted the future would bring us together again. In fact, I was counting on that. I had a plan.</p>
<p>“You need to talk to Gareth before you leave.” The girls kissed me once, twice, three times, on and on until I peeled myself away. I needed to clear my mind for a minute, gather my senses, and process the spending of a significant portion of my liquid assets. It was all good until today, but I was certainly heading toward bankruptcy this way. The old me would be deeply worried, but the new me just laughed. I wondered where this life would take me next.</p>

</body>
</html>
