<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 22 - Unexpected traveller</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 22 - Unexpected traveller</h2>
<p>My plane was in the morning, but I didn’t want to deprive the girls of their opportunities. Undoubtedly, they would insist on coming home with me, which would be breaking my promise to Morgan. We had a deal and shook on it. I wanted to build the new Jim by keeping my word and honesty.</p>
<p>Before I flew away, I wanted to walk, say goodbye to the city, and breathe this air for the last time. My mind was swirling with ideas and options, and I needed some quiet time to focus on them. Based on what I was told about The Society, it was an extensive network of rich people, with some eleven thousand members worldwide. The Society would make over a cool billion dollars yearly if everyone paid a hundred grand in membership fees. Still, I was told that some more affluent members donated millions to pay for more specific entertainment. They spent a vast amount of money on their members, taking them from place to place for various gatherings and networking events. This was the next level. Some people spend all their lives trying but never get invited.</p>
<p>Walking through LA at night was a unique experience. It was almost eleven at night, and my flight was early morning, arriving in London the next day. I included two days‘ rest on my holiday request to allow me to reset and go to work with the right mindset.</p>
<p>Even as I walked through the city, I felt my phone vibrate. It was the girls, all four of them, sending me tearful emojis, telling me how much they missed me. Rylee and Callie were losing their minds. They opened their gifts before passing the security line and had already transferred their setup and apps to their new phones. They kept thanking me in tears, especially for the ticket I bought them. It helped reduce their fears of not seeing me again. I still couldn’t define what we were, but we were at least good friends at the core.</p>
<p>I walked left and right, following a known path until I found myself on the opposite side of the street from Hooters. It was almost empty inside. The place was closing in less than an hour, and I watched it with a smile, thinking of the waitress I met. I had no plans to say goodbye, but since the place was almost deserted, I thought, why not?</p>
<p>Tara saw me as soon as I approached and waved for me to come inside. I was feeling a little hot, so I sat down and ordered a soda with lime and a lot of ice. Tara sat right next to me without hesitation. When I asked her about it, she told me that the manager had already left, and none of the girls would rat on her for sitting down with a customer, especially one this well-dressed. Deep down inside, she said, many girls hoped to meet a good man. I thought to myself, this place and any other. Everyone wanted a fairy tale, and not just the waitresses.</p>
<p>“How are you doing?” I started, not knowing what else to ask. Tara immediately switched the subject to the crazy week I had. It took a second for me to remember I had left her one of my cards. She connected with her Instagram, went through the vetting process set up by Lamin, and then followed. From there, she discovered Rylee and Callie, who posted everything about our trip, even the censored nude images. The girls became influencers in their own right, with plenty of people offering film roles or collaborations. The girls sent them to the agency and kept doing what they were best at. They even published a few backstage videos from the photoshoot at the beach in their storyline.</p>
<p>As I told Tara about my holiday, the dolphins in Sea World, and visiting the wildlife reserve, I noticed a nervous twitch in her leg, and her eyes glistened. There was so much behind her eyes. Before, I would have thought it was just jealousy. Still, after learning from Fred, I saw so much more—a veritable cocktail of emotions—and figured out what was happening.</p>
<p>I was leaving, saying goodbye, which meant Tara would probably never meet me again. After following me for a week and thinking this was my life, she thought I was someone big, someone of consequence. It wasn’t the truth, but she couldn’t be convinced otherwise. I thought for a minute and asked myself, what would I do if I was put in the same situation as Tara, where you meet someone whose life seemed perfect, and they told you, “Goodbye. Have a nice life.”</p>
<p>Perhaps I would have let it go, but more likely, if I had any strength left, I would fight tooth and nail for a chance at something different. The problem was, as all the photos demonstrated, I had no need for Tara in my life. I was already overextended, looking forward to London, focusing all my efforts on getting the promotion I wanted, and working on myself.</p>
<p>As I leaned forward in my seat, preparing to get up, Tara caught my hand, looking deeply into my eyes with her big blue ones. She looked beautiful at that moment, almost exquisite, a look that was marred by a nearly scowl on her face. All her emotions were bubbling out, and she tried to suppress them to keep her composure.</p>
<p>“Take me with you,” Tara almost whispered.</p>
<p>“I can’t,” I replied, wondering why I said that. The answer was simple—she would be in my way, and I had no purpose for her. She would only add costs and problems without adding value to my life. It was a cold and calculated view, potentially heartless, but it was also the truth and valid on many levels. I wasn’t looking for a girlfriend or anything similar. I lived in a small one-bedroom apartment with limited personal space. Taking someone this way would be a great responsibility. What would she do in London apart from complaining? She could not work without a permit, and they weren’t handing those out to out-of-luck waitresses. I couldn’t see a single beneficial reason for having a down-on-her-luck former model staying at my place. I didn’t even need my place cleaned, and I always ate out. There was literally no value in having her in my life.</p>
<p>There was no other way to say it, and I tried to be kind, using softer words than my thoughts, but the point was the same. She had nothing to offer to me, no value, only problems and expense.</p>
<p>“Please,” she begged, squeezing my hand. Her tears were now in free flow, and she started to sob.</p>
<p>“Nobody wants me; I am just a worthless piece of shit.” This wasn’t about me, but something bigger. Perhaps I should have left it at that, but the curiosity killed the cat, and I asked her what she meant by that. Tara broke down and laid it all flat, the truth, everything. I thought she needed a friend to listen rather than trying to convince me. It was obvious. I didn’t want her, and she understood that.</p>
<p>She spent the next twenty minutes telling me a sad story of her life. The money she got from me didn’t last her a minute. While I was gallivanting through southern California, she was going through crises. Tara got evicted in the end, then she stayed with a friend and tried to kill herself by swallowing a whole box of vitamins, thinking they were sleeping pills. Her friend freaked out and kicked her out, so she slept on a bench in a park and got chased away by the police.</p>
<p>After that, everything started to unravel. She was coming to work late and rude to the customers. Her boss gave her a notice to finish her week and leave. She caused him too much trouble, so in a few days, she would be both homeless and unemployed.</p>
<p>Tara burst into tears again. I could understand her through and through. It was a tragedy, and she was only eighteen and spiralling. Her entire world was crashing down, and nothing she did helped. Tara was trapped in her own circumstances, and I couldn’t see it getting any better.</p>
<p>“Please, Jim, please. Help me. Take me with you.”</p>
<p>“I wish I could, but I can’t. You can’t go around the world just helping everyone at your own expense.“</p>
<p>“I won’t be any problem. I will do anything. I can sleep on the floor. I promise.” I hated how this felt. Somehow, inside, I felt like a villain, guilty for everything.</p>
<p>“I’ll prove it to you, Jim. I swear to God. I will make myself useful to you.”</p>
<p>“How?”</p>
<p>“I don’t know, but I will prostitute myself if you want me to and give you money. Please take me away from here. Please save me. I am so scared.” This is where she got hysterical. I could see on the faces of her colleagues that they were annoyed with her to no end. It wasn’t her boss that got her fired, but the other girls must have put him up to that. Nobody wanted to associate themselves with a piece of trash that used to think she was better than anyone. It’s a long way to fall for an angel, and she was begging me for help.</p>
<p>All of this put more pressure on me. I could have just walked away like a piece of shit and let Tara die or kill herself or join the hordes of junkies and the homeless. How was any of that my problem? I just couldn’t do that. This girl was spiralling, one step from suicide. She held onto me like I was Prince Charming as if I had a magic wand that would solve all her problems. I could already see the shit hitting the fan in my life, and I hated it even before it started. Perhaps that’s why my terse tone came out when I spoke to Tara again.</p>
<p>“Do you understand that if I took you with me, you would be completely dependent on me?” She nodded with a trace of hope in her eyes.</p>
<p>“If I agree, you must swear to me right now to be obedient like a police dog and not cause me problems.” A hopeful smile broke out on her face, and her eyes looked like two big pools of blue water.</p>
<p>“I swear with my life. Whatever you say, I will do without question. I swear.”</p>
<p>“You must figure out how to find yourself useful and contribute in any way possible. This would not be a holiday; you are expected to earn your keep.” She was grinning ear to ear now, promising everything, swearing to God and all that was holy, swearing on her life, nodding quickly.</p>
<p>“Alright, get us a pen and paper.” She ran away and came back within seconds, and I dictated. “I, Tara, swear to be perfectly obedient to Jim at all times, do anything he asks of me without question or hesitation, and proactively find a way to help him in everything and anything, no matter how small or mundane.” She wrote it down, signed it, and I took a photo of it before pocketing the piece of paper. This is why we take minutes at work. As soon as the meeting ends, everyone returns to their office, remembering something different. I wanted to be clear in Tara’s case and define our agreement in writing to avoid future misunderstandings.</p>
<p>“Let’s go,” I said and started to move towards the exit.</p>
<p>“What about my stuff?” Her suitcase and clothes were waiting in storage at the back.</p>
<p>“Take only your documents.” She started to complain, but I stared her down, holding the piece of paper she signed in my hands. It was a test, and she passed. Tara ran off and returned in a minute, with bowed head, and walked out of the bar wearing her white Hooters t-shirt and branded orange shorts. It was bizarre when Uber picked us up and dropped us at the hotel.</p>
<p>Taking someone unstable off the streets was a great imposition, and I didn’t want any baggage with it. This wasn’t about Tara’s clothes, which were likely worthless, but any emotional attachment she might have had for them. I would not get into endless discussions about what to keep and what to throw away. She was coming with me as-is or not at all.</p>
<p>Tara followed in step, red in her face, trying not to notice the receptionists and staff staring at a scantily clad Hooters girl following a suited man more than twice her age. Luckily, it was a five-star place and all the staff was trained to not see things that are supposed to be invisible, like various nieces and daughters visiting their older male relatives.</p>
<p>I watched Tara along the way, her eyes were big like saucers. She had to touch everything with her hands, to feel the expensive furnishings. As soon as we entered the suite, she gasped at the luxury. Her eyes darted to the bathroom a few times, and I knew she wanted to take a shower. I caught her scent inside the car, and she smelled a bit ripe.</p>
<p>“May I?“ she didn’t complete her question, as I nodded with a smile. Without bothering to close the door, Tara entered the bathroom, quickly undressed, and jumped into the shower. I walked up to the door and watched her lather her body and shampoo her hair. She was tall and slim, gorgeous, an actual fashion model who fell on hard times. I could see why she was chosen. Her body, although slender, was perfectly symmetrical. Tara’s legs were long and flowing, and her waist was almost impossibly narrow.</p>
<p>Every time she would breathe in, I could count her ribs. Teachers could use her body for anatomy lessons. As much as I preferred women with a touch more meat on their bones, I had to admit that Tara was beautiful in an idealistic way like a flower standing perfectly straight. I used the skills I learned from Fred. I estimated that Tara had perfect parameters, an hourglass figure with equal width of her hips and chest, but elongated like a champagne flute rather than a regular glass. I could imagine Tara dressed up in the latest Italian fashion and turning heads. How mighty have fallen. The worst part was that Tara was just a victim in all that.</p>
<p>“Do you like what you see?“ she asked, catching me staring at her from the door, measuring her up and down.</p>
<p>“Yes, very much.“ She smiled, turned her back to me, and used a luffa to scrub her body clean. I picked up the shoes and clothes she had so casually discarded and threw them away, then called the night concierge and asked for a favour.</p>
<p>Twenty minutes later, a knock on the doors came, and the man brought me a brand new extra-small hot pink bling velour hoodie, track pants, and white platform sneakers in her size. The hotel had a clothing store downstairs, which was closed at this hour, but he had the keys. I tipped him a hundred bucks, and he happily went away while I folded Tara’s new clothes on a chair, sat down, and waited for her to finish her shower.</p>
<p>A few minutes later, Tara walked out of the bathroom, looking a shade lighter and wearing a comfortable white bathrobe. She almost purred from happiness. I knew she had showered two times, which made me wonder how much she missed the basic things anyone should have.</p>
<p>“Where are my clothes?“ Tara asked, and I pointed at the chair. She was confused at first, then her eyes teared as she lifted the trousers and stared at them. Tara said something, but I didn’t hear it. I was too busy undressing and taking a shower myself. I would have preferred a bath, but I was worried I would fall asleep inside and miss my flight. When I turned around, I noticed Tara standing by the door, examining every inch of my body, just like I did hers earlier.</p>
<p>“Do you like what you see?“ I asked, mimicking her question.</p>
<p>“You have a nice cock,“ she said, and I almost chuckled. I’ve been told this a lot, and I wondered. Could it be true? Admittedly, I haven’t measured many other penises in my life, only what you see in adult movies, and I wasn’t nearly as hung as that.</p>
<p>When I left the bathroom, I saw Tara sitting by the desk. Her mouth and face were smudged with crumbs and brown stains, which almost made me laugh. Next to two empty cans of Coke, I saw traces of crisps, peanuts, and chocolate. I gave Tara a stern look, and she went pale on her face and almost dropped to her knees in fear.</p>
<p>“I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I was so hungry.” She raided the minibar.</p>
<p>“You and I will have to talk about good nutrition someday.” I lay in the middle of the king-sized bed. The high thread count linen was white and smelled perfectly clean. I propped my back with a pillow and half-sat there, switched on the TV, and flipped through channels. I didn’t want to watch anything. I was just curious about what’s showing in the US and if the programs there were as shit as in the UK.</p>
<p>Tara looked at me for a while, then snuck to the bed. She climbed up and kissed my foot. I almost jumped. She moved up a little and took my foot into her hands, then kissed it repeatedly. I knew she was trying to prove to me her subservience and her determination to avoid any problems. Seeing her this way, I wanted to cry. The girl was broken in many different ways, but giving her free rein was not the answer. She needed guidance and discipline. For all intents and purposes, she could have easily been my daughter.</p>
<p>I extended my arm, and she put her hand into mine. I pulled her up next to me, and she hugged me tight, putting her face on my chest and cried. I stroked her back gently and played with her hair. I did have a type in women, fucked up and desperate. It only took a few minutes for all the sugar she ate to kick in. Before I could do or say anything, Tara was asleep, curled up like a kid, clutching me tight, resting her head on me like it belonged there. Somehow, I reached the switch beside the bed without waking her up to kill the lights and get some rest.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>“What? What?“ Tara woke up in a panic, probably thinking I was trying to slip out. Perhaps she thought I had changed my mind about our deal and was worried I would leave her in a hotel and run away.</p>
<p>“Relax, it is still early; we have time. I was just going to take a shower.“ As soon as the water started, I felt the door open, and Tara joined me. She took a loofa and scrubbed my back. I did hers in turn, careful not to wet her hair. We were done in twenty minutes and started dressing up. Tara put on her new clothes without any underwear and didn’t complain. She looked stunning in that hot pink Juicy getup, while I put on a casual handmade suit with loose trousers, a shirt, and a jacket, my travel outfit.</p>
<p>Tara looked at me up and down as I fixed my hair in the mirror. All my things were already packed in a large suitcase. The rental guys picked up the Hummer, and I paid them to ship my bike to London by cargo plane. I was ready to go home.</p>
<p>I called the front desk, and they sent staff to pick up my suitcase and load it into a car while Tara and I made our way downstairs to settle the bill and check out. Her eyes bulged when she saw how much I spent on the minibar. At one moment, I even thought she would cry.</p>
<p>The streets were still dark outside as the car drove us through LA. I couldn’t imagine what Tara was thinking, but by the way, her hand squeezed mine, I thought she was excited. Only when we finally arrived at the airport and passed through security did Tara start to really go nuts. It finally hit her. This wasn’t some sort of trick or scam. It was all true. She was going to London.</p>
<p>It felt like someone flipped a switch, and this dour, desperate girl turned into a minx. Tara was everywhere, touching everything, wanting to experience whatever presented itself, from makeup shops to duty-free stores, even bookstores. She raided the place with me in tow, trying to keep up with her exuberance. Tara didn’t want anything more than the experience. It dawned on me why she was a model and why everything turned out the way it did. Tara lived in the present, from one moment to another, never making a plan for the future, allowing everyone else to direct her life like I was doing now. She was happy to just be alive and go for a ride.</p>
<p>While she was browsing some clothes, I found a computer store and bought her a brand-new iPhone. Tara had an old iPhone six with a cracked screen and a battery that probably lasted thirty minutes. That’s why she always carried a power bank with a lightning cable practically welded to her phone.</p>
<p>“Give me your phone,” I said, taking her unlocked old one and starting the transfer. She didn’t figure out what I was doing until I handed her the new one and threw the contraption she used into the trash. Then she cried. She hugged me so hard that I thought my eyes would pop out.</p>
<p>“Thank you, thank you,” she repeated and jumped up and down, which reminded me to buy her a screen protector and a cover. I was willing to bet that, otherwise, the phone wouldn’t last a month without something happening to it.</p>
<p>I threw her old phone away for the same reason I didn’t want to take her clothes. I wasn’t going to lower my standards, which meant I would have to raise hers. The good part in all of this was that Tara was, in fact, a fashion model. Whatever I bought her would fit her perfectly. Even this Juicy Couture ensemble looked like it was made for her perfect frame.</p>
<p>Soon enough, the boarding began, and all first-class passengers were called in. Three rows of comfy seats awaited the customers, while the economy class was the usual three-four-three structure, packed like sardines. I couldn’t be bothered to deal with that on a twelve-hour flight. I needed to rest and get my head back into the game.</p>
<p>Tara was almost jumping out of her skin, taking my hand into hers, kissing it, thanking me over and over again for saving her life, and promising like a broken record that she wouldn’t be a burden to me and would proactively help and pay me back somehow. I was too tired to listen, still lacking sleep from the week of travel and endless sexual escapades. The four women managed to wear me out, and I needed to recover and rest.</p>
<p>The plane rolled onto the runway, and moments later, we were in the air. The smiling flight crew brought us drinks. I asked for scotch and champagne, and Tara asked for fruit juice and water. We lifted the side screen, and I lowered the window blinds, wrapped myself in a blanket, put on the mask, and tried to sleep.</p>
<p>All was good for about an hour until the plane turned quiet, and everyone was sleeping or lulled, watching the inflight entertainment. Tara whispered, “Can I have some champagne?” The law in Europe permits drinking at the legal age. If you can go to war and get married, then you can drink, so the limit for alcohol was eighteen, just like for everything else. You’re either an adult, responsible for yourself, or you are not, and the laws mirror that. Whether this was sensible was another matter.</p>
<p>I couldn’t think of anything wrong with letting Tara have a sip. She took it, then another, and her mood changed. My eyes popped open, feeling her hand slide under the blankets. Tara started rubbing my cock through my clothes. I turned my head, and our eyes met. All I could see was lust on her face.</p>
<p>“What are you doing?“ I whispered as if it wasn’t self-evident. She moved in so close that her lips touched my ear.</p>
<p>“I’m earning my keep,“ she said, and her hand found its way into my comfortable trousers. I should have stopped her and explained, but I didn’t think it mattered. This was another flaw in Fred’s method of judging people. It doesn’t tell you how broken people are inside.</p>
<p>Tara had an assortment of issues I couldn’t even begin to imagine. She was trouble, and I knew that. All of my senses rang the danger bells and waved red flags, but I just couldn’t let her perish that way. It was a deal with the devil and an unspecified price, but I always had a soft spot for troubled ladies. My psychologist called it a saviour complex. I read up on it, and it described me perfectly. Regardless of my acute awareness of it, I couldn’t help myself, and maybe deep inside, I didn’t want it to go away.</p>
<p>Tara expertly unbuttoned my trousers, fished out my cock, and rubbed it under a blanket. I looked around, and nobody was visible. The side barrier prevented other passengers from looking our way, and the cabin was dark, with everyone’s window blinds lowered. I checked again, and the cabin crew couldn’t be seen anywhere, no queues for toilets either.</p>
<p>I wanted to tell Tara she didn’t have to do that, then I remembered my terrible mistake. I practically made her put it on paper when telling her to proactively look for ways to help me. What I envisioned was some sort of an assistant capacity, but she interpreted it as a euphemism for sexual services. Did I just turn a desperate girl into a prostitute? She even mentioned this when we spoke, offering to prostitute herself and give me the cash. I was trying to escape the conversation and wasn’t paying attention.</p>
<p>Unwittingly, I was letting her frame the conversation. The whole deal was moot and skewed. I thought we had a meeting of minds, but I was confused. For a brief second, I considered calling it all off and renegotiating the deal, but that could end up even worse than the one I had. Besides, she had my cock in her hand. Whatever was done was done; as far as the consequences went, I could imagine something worse. Tara certainly wasn’t an angel. She got arrested and tried for a prostitution attempt, and her agency dropped her for that. I wasn’t leading her deeper into a hole, but I wasn’t helping her out of it either; I just made it a cushy one.</p>
<p>I sucked in air through my teeth when Tara suddenly dove under the blanket and started sucking my cock with such intensity that any thoughts of protest vanished. She was a virtuoso on a flesh flute, and I had never experienced anything like it before. I thought I trained Callie to perfection, but she couldn’t compare to Tara’s technique. My entire body tensed as her tongue massaged the points I didn’t even know existed. It felt like being on a rollercoaster, and I held onto my seat with full strength, imagining that I would take off into the air somewhere.</p>
<p>My orgasm started in my toes and slowly made its way up my legs until it reached my balls. Suddenly, my world spun as my sperm erupted right into Tara’s throat, and she gulped it down without any problem, jet after jet of hot white baby makers feeding her insatiable mouth. It took maybe a minute for my orgasm to die down and my euphoria to subside.</p>
<p>Tara remained in the same position, seemingly asleep with my cock still in her mouth, sucking on it gently, feeding on any dribbling drops that leaked out. This was the most intense blowjob I had ever experienced.</p>
<p>If I could brush my ego aside, I would admit that despite her youth, Tara’s sexual experience eclipsed mine. Dan told me that women who use their bodies as currency often develop a prostitute mentality, and Tara was shoved into the world of fashion at an early age, travelling to Japan and throughout Asia and Europe most of her life. She reached puberty surrounded by potentially predatory men. The question was, did I become one of them? How else could she have learned those skills, or why would she choose stripping for money? It fits the pattern, even when running away.</p>
<p>I understood now that Tara was running from her old life by heedlessly jumping into the arm of another man. This must have been the modus operandi her entire life, all that she knew how to do, and she turned the craft into science.</p>
<p>Despite my lingering feelings about dating a prostitute, even a former one, high class, exclusive, and all that, it was the hypocrisy of the first order, especially coming from a man whose cock was stuck into her mouth. It became apparent to me that I had to learn the “hooker game“ skill Dan talked about. It was becoming necessary in today’s world. Marriages were on the decline, and women reduced all male qualities to the amount of money they made.</p>
<p>When I was a child, honesty, integrity, dedication, ambition, and such were considered desired qualities in a man, and masculinity wasn’t a crime. Now, everyone wanted one percenter with deep pockets and fast cars to spend it on the ladies and buy them fur coats in the summer so they could pretend they earned it for being so special and unique. In this world of sugar babies and meaningless marriages, everyone is classified as a customer or a prostitute.</p>
<p>Sooner or later, this had to fail because the men laying the railroad tracks also wanted to get laid. Once you remove that as a possibility and reduce their options to roadkills on Tinder, there will be hell to pay, and once the sleeping silent majority starts to shout, they will be heard all right. They will be pissed off and armed. Good luck calling the National Guard against them. They will be the ones greasing the ropes.</p>
<p>I felt my cock getting hard again, and Tara sprang into action, using her talented mouth to make it soft. I understood my situation perfectly, and I thought about how I could use it to my benefit, learn from it, and get to the next level, whatever it meant. Like it or not, I had my own sex toy, for lack of a better word. I made the deal, and there was no pulling out of that. I would give her a good life in exchange for what? I didn’t know yet, but the answers would come, or cum in my case, as I clenched my teeth while my leg muscles twitched, depositing another load of sperm right into Tara’s mouth. She slurped it all up like I was pissing out mead, the nectar of the Olympian gods.</p>
<p>The trip back home took about twelve hours; in that time, Tara made me cum six times. My balls ached from emptiness, like this strange feeling of wanting to vomit but different. She just smiled as the plane dinged and the flight attendants bought breakfast.</p>
<p>“I’m full. You can take mine, but I wouldn’t mind some more yoghurt.“ She said with a mischievous smile, and I laughed. She was an idiot, and I found it humorous. She put my hand into hers and massaged it with her fingers. Prostitute or not, this or that, all of it was a set of labels to organise and classify. It meant little to describe the vast complexity of what was inside. I could see in her eyes how she looked at me. Tara saw me as her saviour, her knight, and seeing in turn the satisfied smile on my face, she understood that she had some value in my eyes. Perhaps she couldn’t cook or do any of the millions of jobs out there, proved by the point of being a shitty waitress, but she could look pretty, suck and fuck like a beast on speed and crack, and that in itself had value to those that know how to appreciate it. With six consecutive best blowjobs in a row, of course, I understood Tara’s value. In fact, she was spoiling me.</p>

</body>
</html>
