<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 23 - Homecoming</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 23 - Homecoming</h2>
<p>As soon as the plane started its descent, Tara almost jumped into my lap. I made her get up, and we switched places so she was by the window, looking at the city split by the curving Thames. London was the largest and richest city in Europe, with old and new architecture seamlessly blending together for its officially eight million denizens at night or about twelve during the day. The city breathed with a pulse, like a heartbeat.</p>
<p>We walked with the crowds, went through immigration and picked up our luggage. Most smart people took the tube to get to where they wanted, but not us. I had a better idea, but it was hugely inefficient.</p>
<p>Tara’s knees buckled, seeing a Maybach stop next to us and a suited driver greet me and open the door. She was in a mild state of shock. People might think models live flashy lives of glitz and glamour, but they would be wrong. Sometimes, it’s hard to even afford the necessities. Modelling is just a job like any other unless, of course, you land a special deal with a company. But that’s something that happens rarely, and even then, what they earn is less than an average software engineer. In many ways, it’s the same in any front-facing industry. We only know film celebrities, but nobody even recognises other actors; the same goes for footballers. How many people have heard about Yeovil Town football club, let alone the players?</p>
<p>As we drove, Tara had to touch everything, look into every opening, press every button, and check out whatever she could find. She squealed when she stumbled upon a fridge with Krug and a few gold-plated champagne flutes. It was like discovering a secret and landing a jackpot. Instantly, she cosied up to me, hugging me tight before her hand went down my body and rubbed my cock through my trousers.</p>
<p>I found it fascinating. The more Tara discovered about my life, the more sexual she became. As if the life I lead somehow prompted her to want to prove her value to me more. We couldn’t go home like this, so I instructed Lamin to stop at the Westfield shopping centre.</p>
<p>Tara’s eyes were wide like saucers as she tried to soak in the place. It was a large shopping mall with all sorts of stores on every side. I led us to the fashion corner where all the Italian brands were and set Tara loose. She was in her element, going through whatever they sold like a hurricane. Tara had plenty of opportunities during her modelling career to wear clothes like this. She knew perfectly well what goes with what and what will fit or not. She was a perfect size eight.</p>
<p>From Tara’s choices, I saw she was trying to match my style and the style of the car. Walking out of a Maybach wearing sandals and ripped jeans was a faux pas, and she was acutely aware of that. Maybe she wasn’t good at so many practical things, but making herself look gorgeous wasn’t one of them. She only lacked money and the opportunity I provided.</p>
<p>Tara got a gorgeous Cavalli dress, matching Louboutin shoes, bejewelled Bulgari sunglasses, and a watch matching the Burberry handbag. She wore it right out of the shop without even an inkling of underwear. Tara went commando under all that.</p>
<p>Only one thing was left, so I took her to the hairdresser. Tara was a dirty blonde with exceptionally thick and healthy hair, but it was poorly maintained, frizzy, and tired with split ends, so I asked the salon owner to sort it out and put her nails in white with some pretty design. Meanwhile, I got a cup of coffee and debriefed Lamin. He told me that Cassie left my apartment a couple of days back. He had a cleaning lady come in to make it all perfect and fresh and wash all the linen. She was his cousin, and Lamin trusted her. The woman was a devout Muslim who would never steal anything, even if she was starving.</p>
<p>When Tara was finished, I had to do a double take. The transformation was complete. She almost floated on the air as she walked, and the world was her runway. Pretty much everyone stared at her, giving me a jealous smirk. Tara wrapped her arm around mine, and we walked through the pace to a Swarovski jewellery store, where she picked out an anklet, bracelet, and simple necklace. It completed the ensemble.</p>
<p>The transformation was complete. I realised now how Tara must have looked on the runway. She was gorgeous, all dressed up and manicured, and her body moved with such natural poise that people couldn’t stop staring at her. No wonder she thought of herself as a failure because it takes years of hard work and practice to reach the level of mastery she exhibited in just being beautiful, not to mention her other skills that I enjoyed all along our trip.</p>
<p>“I want to suck your cock,” she whispered when she leaned in, making it sound almost innocent, like a child asking for an ice cream. I thought her urge to prove herself to me was hitting an overdrive. What is the price of all that she wore? I had all the credit card receipts, but what is the price of returned self-worth and confidence? She wanted to show me. Tara stuck to the deal I so thoughtlessly formulated, and each time I spilt my cum down her throat, I wanted to change it less.</p>
<p>As we rode in a car, she took my hand and pushed it between her legs, making me stuff my finger inside her sopping wet pussy, bring it to my nose, and smell it. Then she would put it into her mouth and lick it. Tara was so graphic and purposely explicit that it made me wonder if this was a trained behaviour or if she was naturally like this.</p>
<p>Tara came once from all this foreplay by the time we got home. I thought it would calm her down a little, but it only aroused her more. It was like the more sexual stuff I did with her, the more she needed. At one point, I started to wonder if she was a nymphomaniac. It would explain so many things. How did we go from a scowling waitress to a horny princess in such a short time? The transformation was so profound that I had difficulty believing it was real, but her pussy was so hot, wet, and running it would be impossible to fake it.</p>
<p>Lamin carried my suitcase behind as I led Tara to my place. I thanked him with a tip, and he left while Tara explored the place, touching everything and opening every drawer. I watched her move my suits from one side to another, then take a clothes hanger to hang her dress on the other side. She was clearly making space for herself, moving in, so to speak. I expected her to put her Juicy clothes back on, but she shook her head, explaining that she prefers being naked at home. It felt free and unrestricted, so natural. Go figure, I thought and started taking off my shoes.</p>
<p>Tara stopped me and made me sit, gently untied my laces, pulled one shoe down, brought it to her face, and then took a deep whiff of the leather. She did the same to the other shoe before rolling my socks down. Then, she did something unbelievable and took my toe in her mouth and sucked it for a few seconds before kissing my foot and repeating the same with the other.</p>
<p>This was some psycho shit, I was convinced, but I was too mesmerised with that. Tara removed my coat and hung it, took off my shirt and did the same, all the way down until I was naked. She led me into the shower and wrapped her hair under a shower cap so as not to ruin the hard work they did in a shop, revitalising it to look so lush and gorgeous, so soft, and with a healthy shine.</p>
<p>She started the shower and washed my body with water before soaping herself all over. I wondered what about me, but she gave me an instant answer. Tara used her body like a loofah and rubbed it all over mine. It took us forever, and I’ve never been so clean in my entire life. She washed my hands individually, every nook and cranny, at least once until I was almost squeaky.</p>
<p>I thought we were done after she washed the soap away, but I was wrong. She used her tongue to lick me all over, paying extra attention to my nipples, going down. She licked my cock all over, not like a blowjob but like a cat. I didn’t know where she learned this, but I didn’t want to break the spell. For at least a minute, she kept my balls in her mouth and sucked them. Then she turned me around, and I almost jumped, feeling her tongue on my asshole. She pulled my butt cheeks apart and pushed her tongue in my ass, licking it inside out until I was clean and there was nothing there.</p>
<p>In the end, she made me sit down, shampooed and washed my hair twice, conditioned it, and rinsed it clean before giving me another scrub. At one point, I wanted to complain that it was taking too long for a shower, but I bit my lip at the last minute as it dawned on me that this was the best shower experience I had in my life. I felt so taken care of and pampered that I didn’t want to stop this once-in-a-lifetime experience.</p>
<p>Tara reached through the door to grab a toothbrush, applied toothpaste, and made me brush my teeth and tongue once. She took the floss and instructed me to open my mouth, cleaning the gaps between my teeth several times. After that, Tara made me rinse and used interdental brushes to brush some more, followed by another rinse. She then handed me a brush, and I brushed my teeth one more time before she gave me a mouthwash and rinsed me twice, each time for at least a minute. While I waited, she used cotton buds to thoroughly clean my ears, then soaped them with her hands and washed them inside.</p>
<p>By the time I was done, I felt almost sterile. Tara kissed my lips and handed me a towel. I looked at the clock and calculated that I had spent about forty minutes being pampered. I often wondered why women took so long to wash themselves. Now, I knew and was horrified to realise how much less clean men were compared to them. Tara stayed inside for another twenty minutes, and I never thought for a second that she was wasting water.</p>
<p>My ex-wife, Tina, took the same time as me. Only now did I realise how little she cared about anyone, including herself. Maybe this was just Tara and her meticulous routine. After all, she was a model and had to be perfect. Still, I wanted to believe that this was a universal practice. Maybe not as thorough, but I had heard many men complain about wasted water. I saw the light now. It was an investment.</p>
<p>Tara walked out completely dry, smiled, and positioned herself between my legs with her face on my cock. Before I could say anything, she sucked me until I was erect and then rolled over on all fours, spreading her legs and arching her back with her arms in front. I had never seen a woman adopt this position before. It was like doggy style, except her spine was arched, her face rested on its side, and her chest pushed against the bed, giving me a perfect view of her pussy and asshole.</p>
<p>I couldn’t resist and dove in with my tongue. Another surprise awaited me. Tara didn’t have a single hair on her pussy; it was the smoothest pussy I had ever licked. All her hair had presumably been permanently removed with a laser.</p>
<p>“I want your cock. Fuck me, Jim. Please, fuck me,” she said, skipping the foreplay and going straight for the main event. Despite having already cum six times in the last twelve hours, my cock stood proud and firm, although I doubted I could cum again. I kneeled between her legs and pushed my cock inside. I was expecting a looser pussy from someone with so much experience, but Tara was tight like a vice. It almost felt painful to penetrate her.</p>
<p>She gasped as I did that, immediately starting to push back. My tempo increased, and I fucked her hard like a maniac. At one point, she reached behind and took my hand with hers, guiding it to slap her ass. I understood what she wanted and slapped her ass again, but harder this time. Tara moaned like a bitch in heat as I left red marks on her ass cheeks.</p>
<p>“Pull my hair. Mmmm, pull my hair.” I took a fistful of her hair and pulled. She moaned, and her back arched. “Harder, pull it harder. Fuck me harder,” she almost screamed. Something brutal woke inside me, and I pulled her hair as hard as I could and pistoned into her pussy with hard and fast, brutal strokes I would imagine the rapists used on their victims. She screamed and panted, and then she came.</p>
<p>She landed on the bed, beating her fists into it and flapping her legs. It was incredible, the intensity with which she orgasmed, topped only by the whole-body orgasms I gave to my women after eating their pussies until losing the feeling in my tongue. Tara squealed, shook, and bounced, but I was left kneeling there with my cock in the air, so I pushed her on her back, forced her legs open, and inserted my cock into her pussy again.</p>
<p>It was harder than the first time. Tara’s pussy was still pumping and contracting, but I managed and started slowly, then faster, until I was jackhammering her pussy with all my strength. Tara’s eyes rolled, and she gasped. Her head went from side to side, and a little drool ran down, but I was too horny to care and just pumped, not trying to please her but trying to punish her; I almost hurt her with my punches.</p>
<p>Tara gasped, fought for air, then grabbed my hand and put it on her throat and squeezed. I got the message and choked her harder. Her face almost went purple, and I released a little. She took a deep breath, and I choked her again. I had it figured out. Tara was used to some hardcore sex, and I played it up to give her what she needed, hoping I could compare it to her previous lovers.</p>
<p>I could see she was struggling to reach another orgasm, so I slapped her face, and she went into overdrive, pulling the sheets from the bed with her hands, grasping anything she could reach, so I pumped and slapped. Tara’s frustration was evident, and I blamed myself for not being a good enough lover to bring her over.</p>
<p>“Cum for me, slut. I want you to cum.” I tried the verbal method.</p>
<p>“Mmm hmm mmm,” she went begging for more, so I slapped her some more and spewed obscenities. My mind worked overtime, full speed like a supercomputer pulling all my impressions into one moment; all she said, did or hinted at was to come up with a formula that would bring her over and make her cum again.</p>
<p>“Come on whore. I want you to cum. You are my personal whore. I own you now. This is your life from now on, to be fucked by your owner. This is your purpose; now be a good whore and cum for your owner.” Her eyes popped open, staring right into mine. They looked a little glazed, and her mouth was opened.</p>
<p>“Cum, you little piece of shit,” I said and spat into her mouth, squeezing her nipple hard and pulling on it at the same time. That did it. It was incredible; her whole body exploded. Her pussy squeezed and pulsated so hard that my cock felt like it was chewed, and like it or not, I came as well, filling her pussy with my nut juice for the first time.</p>
<p>It looked like Tara was about to explode; her arousal only grew, and then she wet herself, squirting all over and screaming as if I were devouring her. Her arms found me and pulled me towards her with an unnatural strength. With tears flowing freely, she cried and howled, squeezing me tightly with her arms and legs. Her entire body shook and trembled. It was by far the most intense orgasm I had ever witnessed.</p>
<p>Tara went crazy; she kissed me passionately, cried, twitched, and bounced. It was like a bowl of popcorn in a microwave oven that wouldn’t stop. Even her breathing came out hoarse. She seemed to be gargling something in her throat, perhaps her own saliva stuck in her chest. Tara was suffocating in the intensity of her orgasm to such an extent that for a second, I thought about calling emergency services.</p>
<p>After what felt like ten minutes, her body calmed down, and the tears started flowing. She cried and sobbed, repeating, “Thank you, thank you,” over and over again. I no longer knew what she thanked me for, and it didn’t matter. She kept kissing me repeatedly. I don’t think there was a single inch of my face that she hadn’t kissed.</p>
<p>With the imminent threat of suffocation passed, I reflected on what I had done. I had never been this violent or profane with a woman before. I deliberately targeted her memories and deduced from her patterns what she needed. If someone saw me doing something like that, I would most likely be arrested as a maniac. I could never have imagined a sexual experience like this, even in my wildest fantasies. The problem was, I kind of liked it—the intensity, the raw, brutal, almost animalistic giving and taking.</p>
<p>I didn’t just ejaculate into her vagina; I bred her like an animal, like a sex doll or an object I could destroy or impregnate for my own pleasure without feeling remorse or facing any consequences. It was primal, like a caveman, a testosterone-fuelled troglodyte taking and mutilating whatever he wanted without a second thought about anything or anyone. I would be disgusted and appalled with myself if I didn’t see the sheer bliss on Tara’s face. She loved every second of it. I gave her what she needed.</p>
<p>Her sobbing subsided, and Tara drifted off to sleep in my arms. I gently shifted us a little as the foot of the bed was soaked in her fluids. She must have wet herself with at least two pints of liquid. I ensured we were on a dry patch, unwilling to let go of her just yet, worried about what would happen. And like that, we drifted off to sleep.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>I must have been more tired than I thought. When I woke the next time, it was late afternoon. My head rested in Tara’s lap. She was sitting on a bed in a lotus position, gently stroking my hair with the tips of her fingers. Our eyes met, and hers looked bluer and deeper than ever, filled with emotion. I would say it was love, but how could that be possible? She had only known me for a while.</p>
<p>“Did you mean what you said?” she asked, and my mind went blank, trying to remember what I had said and when. “That I am your property. That you own me?” Oh, that. She caught on to it. I wanted to apologise and explain that it was the heat of the moment, influenced by everything I had learned from the world and what I observed. But something in her eyes told me it would be wrong to say that. Here goes nothing, I thought, throwing the dice, trusting my intuition entirely for the first time in my life.</p>
<p>“Yes,” I said, wanting to explain, but I ran out of words. The look on Tara’s face changed to a grimace, and tears started to run down her face. I thought I had hurt her and wanted to apologise, but something incredible happened. She kissed me and moved around to wrap herself around my body. I embraced her and let her get it out of her system. Then she kissed my chest and said, “Thank you,” before crying again.</p>
<p>I don’t think any psychologist could untangle this Gordian knot without years of therapy and sock puppets. My intuition was correct. Somewhere deep in her messed up mind, Tara wanted to be someone’s property, owned and objectified. How the fuck does a person develop such a desire? I was equally appalled as I was relieved. One look into her soulful eyes told me something of fundamental importance had happened; something had changed. Those were tears of happiness she cried. Who on earth does that when someone tells them they are in their complete power, like a dog or a cat, like a human pet?</p>
<p>I pulled her up, and we kissed for real for the first time. Tara’s lips were soft and succulent, and her tongue loved to explore mine. Her even breathing and closed eyes told me that she had surrendered herself to the moment. In fact, it seemed like she had surrendered entirely to me, her apparent owner. Can anyone ever genuinely own another human being? History teaches us yes, but how about without coercion and fear, but through a free choice, one’s own free will. Is that even possible? I was going to find out.</p>
<p>“Would you like something to eat?” I asked, and Tara’s eyes popped open with a smile. She nodded so fast that I thought her head would roll off. She jumped off the bed like a rabbit and pulled me into the shower. This time, she only used water to refresh both of us. I realised the genius of her system. If you clean yourself so thoroughly, you don’t have to use soap or anything on subsequent washes, as there is not enough time or source for any type of bacterial cultures to form to such an extent that would cause a bad smell.</p>
<p>I pushed her against the wall and kissed her passionately, caressing her small breasts. She gently pushed my hands away, and I realised that Tara was self-conscious about their size. I didn’t mind. Of course, I preferred larger ones, but Tara’s were a handful and perfectly formed with gorgeous pink nipples that seemed to be constantly erect. Who would complain about that?</p>
<p>We left in thirty minutes, and the car was waiting for us. The concierge booked a table at the Ting restaurant in The Shard, promising a spectacular view of Tower Bridge and the Thames and delicious French cuisine.</p>
<p>Lamin navigated the evening traffic like a pro, but it still took us about an hour to get there. Tara didn’t mind. She practically sat in my lap, glued to the window, wanting to experience everything, holding her owner’s hand. I didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, but apparently, at least in Tara’s mind, I owned this beautiful eighteen-year-old woman who thirsted for life.</p>
<p>I saw people staring as we were led to our table next to the window. Tara looked so elegant and exquisite in her gorgeous designer dress. She was a vision of youth and beauty merging into one, and judging by the way she kissed me, I was sure that nobody thought she was my daughter. They also couldn’t assume she was someone I hired, as clothes this fine meant she was loved and cared for by someone. Such girls are too expensive to be for sale.</p>
<p>Tara loved the food and being pampered, but her eyes were on me the whole time. She didn’t even bother to touch her phone to take a photo of the London nightscape. Tara clearly had a one-track mind and focused all her attention on me. I was curious about her past life but didn’t want to ask her anything. Some things are best left buried in the past, but there was one thing I needed to know.</p>
<p>“I didn’t ask you before, but are you on birth control pills or using an implant?” A dark shadow passed over her face, and her answer was almost mechanical.</p>
<p>“I can’t have children. My fallopian tubes are tied.”</p>
<p>“I’m sorry if I made you uncomfortable.” She took my hand into hers and smiled.</p>
<p>“It’s okay. I know why you asked. You can cum inside me as much as you want, and I won’t get pregnant.” I wasn’t exactly worried about this, but I let it go as I saw that the subject made Tara feel uncomfortable. All this was starting to paint a picture I didn’t want to see or know the story behind. The lasered-off pubic hair, her surgically tied fallopian tubes, not to mention her incredible blowjobs and sexual response coupled with utterly bizarre behaviour. Someone went through so much trouble to destroy something beautiful and rebuild it in their image. The world can be ugly, but as long as people watch TV and go through their lives oblivious to everything, it almost seems orderly.</p>
<p>“I asked because you belong to me now and forever.” I knew it was her trigger, and she instantly brightened up. Her eyes softened, and she squeezed my hand. We stood up and kissed, to the disapproval of other guests. I could see the stern face of one of the waiters. Forget them. The view was incredible, and the food was delicious. Still, it was all just fancy nonsense where you walk in hungry and walk out hungrier with all the novel rabbit food they served. They call it a dining experience for a reason; the experience is the operative word.</p>
<p>“Wanna go for a walk and get a fat juicy burger?” Immediately, Tara’s eyes smiled. She played the good game in fancy settings, but she and I knew better where we met. She giggled as we went down the elevator, and I pinched her butt. She started rubbing my cock behind two more guests, keeping a perfectly frozen face.</p>
<p>Lamin took us to Trafalgar Square, and we walked hand in hand towards Shaftesbury Avenue, turning left into Leicester Square and mingling with the world outside, then through a small street where Odeon used to be into China Town, then SOHO. We walked left and right, having fun and saying hello to people who greeted us until I led her into a small diner. It was packed with people from all sorts of backgrounds. I waved to the waiter, and he recognised me. I lifted one finger, and I lifted two. He nodded, and fifteen minutes later, a waitress wearing an apron brought us two plates with massive burgers, chopped onions and all sorts of sauces.</p>
<p>“This smells delicious,” Tara said before sinking her teeth into it. She mumbled something nobody could interpret, chewed with an open mouth, and doused it with Coke. I wasn’t any better. We were like two piglets pretending to be classy. It was all falling apart, the burger, the sauce, the lettuce, tomato, turning into swill on our plates. Tara loved it better than the fancy food; she even licked the sauce off her plate before chasing it down with the rest of the Coke. Then she burped.</p>
<p>Some guys at the next table burst into laughter and answered with burps of their own. It was all just great, clean, fun, and I loved it. Tara was clearly enjoying herself in her own element. The night was lovely, clear, and fresh, so we walked down the little streets without aim.</p>
<p>Tara held onto my arm with both hands, wrapping her arms around mine, looking up at my face as we walked, probably feeling I would never let her fall and injure herself. At one moment, as I stopped, trying to figure out where I was, she pulled on my hand and made me look down.</p>
<p>“I love you,” she said, and I kissed her. It was so pure, so simple, an expression of the moment rather than a thought-through statement. She believed everything I said. Tara didn’t fear me the slightest bit, and since I told her she was mine, she practically blossomed. Whatever damage she had didn’t matter. Somehow she figured out that to me, she was valuable, but I was also valuable to her, I assumed, after making her cum so hard the second time. I could tell it was something that didn’t happen so often. We were just two people enjoying each other, spending time, fully present, holding hands. Is there more to it, I wondered. Life was perfect in that one incredible moment.</p>

</body>
</html>
