<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 24 - Great expectations</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 24 - Great expectations</h2>
<p>Tara and I spent the next day in marathon sex. We didn’t even bother going out, just ordered food and fucked each other’s brains out. Tara didn’t know when to quit; she wouldn’t let my cock alone, constantly sucking it, keeping it in her mouth until it would grow big again, and then we would fuck.</p>
<p>We talked about sex during our lunch, and Tara told me what she liked. The slow and sensual things were nice, but they only turned her on more and never led anywhere. She liked the rough, brutal sex mixed with humiliation and pain. Tara wanted to feel like a rag doll passed around, used and abused until she broke. Only such things would make her cum.</p>
<p>“You can fuck my ass if you want,” she said. I never tried anal sex before, so she taught me, and I loved it, the nastiness, the tightness of it. She almost made my head spin after I deposited my cum in her asshole; she took my cock and sucked it clean, smiling as she looked at my face. Tara admitted later that she loves to be buttfucked; anything sexual, she was up for it, always turned on, always ready.</p>
<p>She made me tell her what I did with the girls, and it turned her on. She begged me to buy her a similar vibrator and keep it buzzing inside her until I got back from work. Everything in Tara’s life revolved around sex. It was clear to me that she was heavily oversexed. All she wanted to do was fuck all day, suck cock or do anything sexual till she passed out.</p>
<p>On my first day back at the office, I woke up extra early to fuck Tara and fill her pussy. She took me into the shower and washed me like the first time, giving me also a blowjob and drinking my sperm before she would let me go. It was weird and disturbing but kind of fun at the same time. About every half an hour, she would send me a picture of her open pussy or her swollen clit, texting perverted filth about how she plucked my sperm out of her and ate all of it. Then it turned worse, going into fantasies about her being fucked to death by me.</p>
<p>She was turning me on to no end, and my cock was hard for most of the day. I decided to take some revenge, and on my way home, I stopped at a sex shop and explained the problem. The owner didn’t even blink and gave me a speciality item, a chastity belt with two lockable holes in the bottom where to insert two small vibrating dildos. In front where a clit is supposed to be, he showed me a pocket for a remote vibrator, then he sold me a whole bunch of other things, a full two plastic bags of toys.</p>
<p>Tara screamed when I brought all that home and begged me to use all of it on her at once. It was a long night, and I made her squirt again by tying her wrists with speciality handcuffs to the headboard and using a Hitachi Magic Wand on her pussy for an hour.</p>
<p>This routine became a daily occurrence. As I left the house, I would lock Tara in her chastity belt and let the vibrators do their business at full speed, one in her pussy, another in her asshole, and the third one on her clit. She would text me frantically, begging me to come home and fuck her silly, but it was impossible, and she had to suffer through each day.</p>
<p>When I finally came home at the end of the day, she would practically rape me and make me fuck her to fainting. I noticed that my stamina was improving with all the sex, as well as my sex drive, the number of times I could cum, and the volume of the ejaculate. My body seemed to adjust itself to support this new regime.</p>
<p>It ended up in an equilibrium of sorts. Tara and I would fuck, I would go to work, fuck her again, and then we would go out for a drink at a bar somewhere. She often commented on what looked awkward and offered suggestions on approaching random people.</p>
<p>After about a week of this, Tara revealed to me that she was bisexual and preferred boys but also enjoyed girls. “I can seduce one for us, and we can fuck her together,” she suggested with a smile and a sparkle in her eyes. I had no doubt that Tara could do that, but sex wasn’t the point. I was trying to learn a universal skill; she understood it and wanted to help.</p>
<p>I brought Tara to the gym with me and introduced her to everyone. She later told me that she noticed at least ten girls there who would happily spread their legs for me at a moment’s notice, including Kris, my trainer. As much as I enjoyed this new overseas life, I wanted Tara to do something different and develop other interests. I managed to get her motivated about exercise, which was a huge win, even though she spent most of her time in a hot spa.</p>
<p>Tara brought her chaos into my life. I didn’t realise it then, but I was happy it happened. It changed the dynamic of my existence and forced me to work harder. I gave Tara her own credit card and told her to buy clothes. She would often role-play a whole show for me, after which we would fuck like beasts.</p>
<p>“You are getting really good at sex,” Tara told me one day as we lay sweaty and exhausted on the bed.</p>
<p>“I have you to thank for this,” I replied with a smile. Tara was a demanding lover. All the other girls I had sex with were mostly happy with what they got, but not Tara. She knew what she wanted and shamelessly asked for it. In return, she gave her hundred per cent.</p>
<p>It took Tara a few weeks to relax around me. One would think she would start slacking in proving her usefulness, but the opposite happened. She didn’t try to please me out of duty or fear anymore but out of love. I gave her a new identity and chance at everything, and she was turning it into the perfect woman she envisioned for me.</p>
<p>Despite our sexual chemistry, which was smouldering, Tara and I had developed a deep friendship. I talked about many things apart from her past, but we touched on her insecurities. She was always insecure about the size of her breasts. Still, she never had the money or opportunity to do anything about that. Not to mention that big breasts might not work for the fashion business, so she kept living the way she was, feeling inadequate.</p>
<p>“I made an appointment for you on Monday,” I said after our Saturday’s marathon sex. She looked at me with confusion, and I told her I arranged for her breast surgery. Tara burst into tears and hugged me tight, then just cried for a while before drying her eyes and bombarding me with questions.</p>
<p>I sat down and calculated at work, taking her chest size and measurements and estimating the volume of her breasts. I used various techniques, such as looking at various implant shapes to calculate the total displacement. I assumed her chest muscle size, width, and skeletal structure to reach a six hundred cubic centimetre implant size to give her perfect double dees.</p>
<p>Tara made me go into the kitchen and carve a cantaloupe to the approximate size and shape. She put it on her breast and took some pictures, and then I licked off all the juices.</p>
<p>“Can I get bigger ones?” she asked, worried they would still be too small. I had to swear to pay for another surgery if she found them too small in a year. Tara was like a kid again, petrified of the surgery but excited about her future looks. She kept going on till late about how beautiful she would look in what dress. I had to stick my cock into her mouth just to get a word in. Tara immediately started sucking.</p>
<p>I would have to admit to anyone who asked that I was utterly smitten by the little Tara monster. She was so weird, so strange, so coo-coo, so lovable. How could I not love someone like that? On top of it all, the girls in my orbit loved her as well? Rylee and Callie instantly clicked, perhaps because they met the person already, but everyone else was equally excited to meet the fabled Tara. She even wrapped Lamin around her little finger, chauffeuring her around town, acting like a security guard. When she would enter the clothing stores with Lamin in wait, the salespeople would run up to her instantly, thinking she was some sort of a celebrity.</p>
<p>Monday came around, and I took a day off to take Tara to the hospital. She was so scared, excited, and confused that she barely noticed what she signed. I made a deal with the doctor that I would tell her everything and make her give her consent. Plausible deniability was the dish served indiscriminately.</p>
<p>As Tara woke up from the surgery, she instantly noticed me and the chief of surgery standing beside her with smiles.</p>
<p>“The surgeries went perfectly. I expect a perfect recovery and no future complications.” Tara caught it and wanted to ask questions, but the doctor wisely left us alone.</p>
<p>“How do I look?” she asked, and I pulled a large mirror off the wall and held it above her bed. She gasped, covering her mouth with her hands. “I look… I look…”</p>
<p>“Incredible,” I said, the word she couldn’t remember. Her hands searched for mine, and she squeezed them tightly, kissing them over and over again.</p>
<p>“Thank you, thank you,” she kept repeating, unable to break the cycle. It was the right time to tell her the rest.</p>
<p>“Whom do you belong to?” I started.</p>
<p>“I am your property forever.” She smiled. The idea still turned her on without any signs of letting off.</p>
<p>“If you are my property, it means I can do anything with you.”</p>
<p>“Yes, anything you want.”</p>
<p>“Does that include body modification, like breast implants, piercings, or tattoos?” She didn’t even blink, still euphoric.</p>
<p>“Anything you want. You own me.”</p>
<p>“Well, I did something already, but I didn’t want to tell you about it before it was done.” She looked at me with big eyes, then at the mirror, trying to find what had changed. Everything seemed as it was, and she was confused.</p>
<p>“It was costly, but I had your fallopian tube surgery reversed.” Her eyes grew big and instantly watered. Her chin started to shake. “You are too wonderful to not reproduce, Tara. I love you, Tara; we all do.” That’s when she noticed an iPad with a Zoom call showing everyone: Rylee, Callie, Morgan, Bailey, and even Anya dialling in from Eastern Europe.</p>
<p>“Does… does this mean that I could…” Her voice failed here.</p>
<p>“The doctor says that after your next period, it would be possible to get pregnant, and the surgery went so well that the chance of ectopic pregnancy is minimal.”</p>
<p>“But, but, I mean, you would?”</p>
<p>“I want to have a child with you.” That’s when she broke down. I had never heard Tara cry so hard, and whatever had happened to her in the past was gone. I fixed it all. She was just another girl again.</p>
<p>“I love you so much, I swear to you, I promise, I will,” then she burst into tears again, over and over. She seemed inconsolable, but it was all the repressed bullshit and crap coming out. Tara was told that tubal ligation was irreversible, but the original surgery left long enough segments to be reconnected again, and the length of the remaining fallopian tubes was adequate. The doctor said that the younger the woman, the better chance she had, and Tara was only eighteen. He even questioned how this was done and by whom, as performing that surgery on someone underage would be very illegal in most of the world.</p>
<p>I spent the whole night in the hospital, squeezed next to Tara on her bed, holding her hand, drying the tears with tissues. The floor looked like the room of a teenage boy, with crumpled used tissues all over the place. Tara couldn’t cry herself out. The nurses even brought her extra water and juices to keep her hydrated. I was right when she begged me in that Hooters bar to take her. Tara cost me a little fortune since we met, and I was glad for each penny I spent. It was the best investment I ever made.</p>
<p>Tara wasn’t the only one who could play the crazy games. If she insisted on being my property forever, I would turn her into a mother and make her give me another son or a daughter, maybe both. That was what I valued the most, not the sex. I loved all the sex she gave me and taught me how to fuck like a porn star, but in my mind, this was all in a “value add” category, but not the child.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>“Come in, Jim. Sit down, please.” Diarmaid was one of the top bosses, next in line for the CEO title. It was finally happening. I was going to get promoted, and I had already made all the plans and written them down on how to make hundreds of millions of pounds for the company, which I sent to Diarmaid for review in support of my case.</p>
<p>“We had a management meeting last week about your promotion. There is no point beating around the bush. You weren’t chosen. We went for Richard Kershaw instead.” My mind spun. I felt like sinking into the chair.</p>
<p>“Who? Dick from the COTS team?” He was a pencil pusher who couldn’t tell the difference between quick sort and third normal form if he even knew what it was.</p>
<p>“The management feels he would be a better candidate for the job.” The management feels like they should get fucked in their asses. Who the hell cares what management felt. It was a business; what do the numbers say? Dick was a brown-nosed twat asshole who always claimed all the wins for himself and let others get burned for his mistakes.</p>
<p>“I expect you to work closely with him after the announcement. He has some clever ideas on increasing profitability and reducing expenses.” I bet he did. He probably stole it from me, and I could already put two and two together. Dick probably had a plan to replace me with some junior developers, get me sacked, and when everything goes to shit, blame me for everything, then charge the client half a billion for fixing the problem. It would be a windfall for the directors, and bonuses would be paid.</p>
<p>I watched Diarmaid look at me with squinted eyes. After learning the skills from Fred, I found him fully transparent. Diarmaid was looking forward to this. It was his revenge. A couple of years ago, I made some comments that bounced against his head, however well deserved. He remembered that and kept it on simmer until, at the top of my career, he would bring me down. The higher the rise, the bigger the fall, or maybe it was the water cooler talk around the office about me riding around town in a Maybach with a personal driver. It was well known that Diarmaid liked to be seen as the flashiest executive. Who knows. Maybe it was all together.</p>
<p>“I know this came as a bit of a shock to you. Why don’t you take a day off to get your head in the right space? It would be great if, starting tomorrow, you could collaborate with Richard and map out the way forward for a running start after the announcements.” I thanked the man and walked out, put on my jacket, and got on the street.</p>
<p>And just like that, everything was taken away. I could already see the strategy to squeeze me out of the company. I was getting paid too much, and without my expert domain knowledge, I couldn’t command the same salary elsewhere. I would be competing on a level field with other engineers, which would mean a cut of my earnings by at least fifty per cent.</p>
<p>I built another house of cards, and now it was crashing down; only this time, it was a tower, and the fall would be great. This time, more than just my kids would be dependent on me. All I worked for and dreamed of would collapse spectacularly, except that I wouldn’t have a financial back to cushion the fall. It was a train crash in slow motion, and I had to get off.</p>
<p>My first instinct was to downsize, build cushions, and look at options. It was the worst thing that could happen. I made assumptions, which left me dangerously exposed. I would have to go home and tell Tara what happened. She would stay with me to the bitter end, but our lifestyle would go down the drain. After all, I’ve been through all this investment, and it would all be for nought, and I would fail.</p>
<p>When I found a place to sit, I texted Tara, “I would be late.” It was a cheap roadside cafe with almost no customers. I ordered steak and kidney pie with cider, expecting to be disappointed. My mind was miles away when the waiter brought over the dish. I tried it and smiled. It was excellent.</p>
<p>I looked at it and took another bite. It turned out the pie was one of the best I’d tried. It made me realise that I was thinking and acting in the old way; the old Jim was scared to live and was afraid of everything. This was the scariest thing that happened to me, shaking the entire foundation of my security. I was faced with only two options. Do I rise to the challenge, or do I fold?</p>
<p>“Detachment and Faith,” Jack said. Why did I think about it at that moment? As I ate my pie, I understood what he told me, what the book Montana had to teach me. We choose our destiny. It might be scary, and we might fail, but that’s where detachment comes in, the detachment from fear. I lulled myself into a belief I was secure. It was a stupid thing to do. I was attached to it like I was attached to my wife. I chose to step on the path of change, whatever happened. In time, the stakes increased, and I got scared.</p>
<p>You can’t predict the future; you can’t control destiny. The only thing you can do is strip your clothes and walk naked. When you go to sleep and wake up the next day, you begin to learn what is of real value and what is just there. The things we have and control eventually end up controlling us. Only when you detach from it, from the people and everything, life itself, do you start to glimpse something bigger, a real life, and adjust your gaze.</p>
<p>There are too many distractions in our world, pulling us one way and pushing us another, and we are torn and confused about what to do with our lives. Who are we? Why are we here? Where are we going? What’s the point of all that? What is the purpose? We ask ourselves these questions with no answers because others made it this way.</p>
<p>There is no purpose to anything. We are here because we are here; we live because we are alive. What is the purpose of life that’s going to end anyway? It’s not to live in fear and suffering to extend it for another day. The purpose of life is to live it, to live each day as if it is the last one, because sooner or later it will be, and there’s nothing anyone can do about that.</p>
<p>Once you detach from everything, from life itself and its purpose, you’re left with nothing but existence and a path to what you believe. In the end, it all comes down to faith. It was the do-or-die moment, and I saw everything. From a million miles above the clouds, I could see the world for what it is. Faith is a choice, and I made mine. I took another mouthful of pie and washed it down with cider.</p>
<p>“Aaah, what a beautiful day.” I took a deep breath and looked around. I was alive. I couldn’t control destiny. I could only control myself in this moment and choose to believe, not in God or some other mythical creature, but just believe. There need not be a greater being with ultimate purposes or some transcendental essence, just me, by myself, alone. I decided to have faith.</p>
<p>It was a lousy week altogether, and so far, I managed to avoid letting it affect me. I was looking forward to the meeting with Diarmaid, expecting a completely different set of news. This is why I avoided calling back my ex. I didn’t want her to mess up my mood so I would get distracted from a job. All of it was a moot point now. The meeting couldn’t have gone any worse than it went, so I picked up the phone and dialled her number. I might as well have the shittiest week ever, be done with it, and start the climb again. The phone rang for some time, which annoyed me. I knew Tina’s typical psychological games. She would often stare at the phone ringing for at least ten rings before answering it just so she would appear busy or of higher status than the caller. It frequently worked, and it drove me to insanity.</p>
<p>“You left me a message. What’s up?”</p>
<p>“Can we meet? We need to talk.” I could tell by her cold voice, she was doing the same thing as always. She was the important one. She called all the shots, like a princess where everyone comes to bow and kiss her hand.</p>
<p>“I’m busy. Can’t we do it over the phone?”</p>
<p>“No, it’s about Liam. It’s very important.”</p>
<p>“I’ll be right over,” I said and disconnected. When it came to my children, I never spared a moment. They were always first on my list and the most important people on the planet. I would die to protect them. Unfortunately, Tina knew that, and she used it regularly to twist the knife in my heart, hurt me, manipulate me, and extort anything she wanted.</p>
<p>The car pulled up just as I paid for the pie. We drove in silence, with my mind far away, looking at my life from a distance, detached. Tina must have planned something nasty, a surprise bound to throw me into emotional turmoil like always. We were locked in that clinch for years, and with each iteration, it got worse. We would trade blows without a clear winner, only because I was always a step ahead, ready for the play she made, but she was getting smarter or more ruthless. It didn’t matter. It was a festering wound that should have been excised long ago, but I always took the high road.</p>
<p>For the longest time, I knew who I was. Then, I was lost, and I started to find myself. The man emerging out of the cocoon was not the same one Tina married, and I didn’t know how long I would let myself be led by the nose for the sake of my children.</p>
<p>I rang the bell, and Tina invited me inside. I stepped back. It was a trap I won’t fall into again.</p>
<p>“Let’s sit on a bench in a park like we used to. Where are the kids?”</p>
<p>“At school,” she snorted, probably annoyed with my refusal to follow her orders. In some way, I was relieved the kids weren’t there. They didn’t need to see us argue again.</p>
<p>“I need more money.” She started, and I could feel my hair rise.</p>
<p>“What for? I’m paying three and a half grand for them.” It was more than enough, assuming that it was supposed to be my half of the total amount.</p>
<p>“There are some unplanned expenses.” I was about to ask what, but she continued. “It is about Liam.” I felt a pit in my stomach. “He needs special medical care.”</p>
<p>“What’s wrong with my son?”</p>
<p>“I’m putting him on puberty blockers, and he will need money for long-term care after his gender transition surgery.” I felt this deep anger inside me rise. I almost screamed at her when all I wanted to do was cry. She and I knew well enough it was all a scam to milk more cash out of my pockets. The silence fell upon us, and my body slumped. For a moment, she gloated with a superior look in her eyes. She got me. Tina found the perfect way to hurt me.</p>
<p>“Tina, why are you doing this to your own kids?” She looked around and laughed in my face.</p>
<p>“My kids? You stupid asshole, I never wanted them. It was you. You made me have them. You ruined my life.”</p>
<p>“So you will destroy your son’s life to get back at me?”</p>
<p>“Yes, and Callum is next. I’ll cut their dicks off and raise them like girls, and when they ask, I will tell them it is all your fault.” That was enough, and my face froze. I heard enough. We came to the end of our cat-and-mouse game. I refused to play anymore.</p>
<p>“How much do you want?”</p>
<p>“I want to double what you give me now, and I will stop all this and put Liam into a less progressive school.”</p>
<p>“No. I am not interested.” I stood up to leave, and she looked at me like I had lost my mind.</p>
<p>“Are you crazy? I will do it, I swear to god. I will destroy your sons. They will grow up as dickless sissy boys and get fucked by big men, and it will be all your fault.” Tina was losing her mind. I took one step, then another. On my fourth step, Tina shouted after me.</p>
<p>“Stop! Wait! What do you want?” I turned around and got into her face.</p>
<p>“If I paid you double, by the time the boys are eighteen, you will receive one million pounds from me. Here is the deal. I will pay you a million pounds right now if you hand over the boys to me, full custody.”</p>
<p>“You don’t have that kind of money.”</p>
<p>“That’s my problem. You could get rid of me and the boys forever and move on with your life.” She stared into my eyes and saw nothing, no feeling, just cold blue ice. Then she started to laugh.</p>
<p>“Not in a million years. I want you to suffer. I want you to pay for what you have done. I want to see you in pain.” I got up to leave.</p>
<p>“I am stopping all payments effective immediately. You have ninety days to take my offer.” I stood up and left, feeling my hands shake from rage. I wanted to strangle her and see the light go out from her eyes, but my self-control prevailed.</p>
<p>“Did you get it?” I asked.</p>
<p>“All of it, sir,” Lamin responded, packing the tripod and camera with a long telephoto lens. I took off my hidden microphone and button camera and gave them to Lamin, who kept the data cards. This should be enough to secure a hearing and get social services involved, but I’ve been down this road once. The gloves were off, and I wasn’t Mr Nice Guy anymore.</p>
<p>As Lamin drove, I looked at my laptop. All of my plans were affected. I could try to fix them and still aim for the same outcome with all the parameters unchanged or think of something else. I smiled and deleted my spreadsheets, then started a new one. This time, there won’t be so many obstacles. The world was trying to fuck with me, but this time I’ll fuck the world back. Everyone has a red line, and Tina just crossed mine.</p>

</body>
</html>
