<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 25 - Shady Dealings</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 25 - Shady Dealings</h2>
<p>The drive back went quicker, or maybe it just seemed that way, as my mind was far away trying to connect the dots, recording my thoughts into my computer. I was sitting outside on the veranda of a small Italian bar in Little Venice. The waiter had just brought me tiramisu and coffee when I noticed a gorgeous, voluptuous blonde walking my way wearing a fashionable white dress and high-heeled leather boots. As far as the eye could see, everyone stared at her as she came my way.</p>
<p>I pointed at the seat opposite, and Lexi smiled. She sat down while I waved the waiter over, ordering the same and pushing my coffee and cake to the other side. She took a spoonful and rolled it into her mouth with her seductive pink tongue. Lexi should have been called Lilith. She was a seductress of a different kind, hot as a burning flame and cold as ice. One time, I misjudged her, but no more. Lexi was connected beyond comprehension with someone of immense power having her back.</p>
<p>While Lamin drove us back, I picked up my phone and texted Lexi, telling her I wanted to meet and that I needed a favour. She sent me the location of her favourite cafe and told me to order tiramisu for her when I got there.</p>
<p>“It will cost you,” she said, and I smiled.</p>
<p>“Money or favour?”</p>
<p>“Both,” she winked and took another spoonful of the fancy dessert. Lexi and I never had time to catch up after our first encounter. I had so much to thank her for. In a sense, she changed my life. Somewhere deep inside me, I still wanted another go, to relive the memories, but it was an impractical and pointless exercise. Doing that would possibly ruin one of the finest memories of my life.</p>
<p>The word on the street was that Lexi was schmoozing with the guys from my company. I figured it out when I saw whom she was going out with on two separate occasions. Was I the first one? There was no telling how many others. She was looking for an “in.” That’s why she approached me in the first place. It wasn’t a random push but a hit.</p>
<p>I should have been upset about it, but I got over it. All sorts of things happen all the time. At first, I didn’t understand what was going on, and later, I didn’t care. I was in no way connected to anything and hadn’t divulged any secrets. Lexi was going about it the wrong way. She should have told me what it was all about, and now that she failed and I needed a favour, we could put our cards on the table and trade.</p>
<p>“I am trying to get to someone,” she started. Fate, it seems, is not without irony. I almost fell on the floor laughing when I heard the name. It was Diarmaid, the very man who nearly laughed in my face when he told me the job I coveted went to someone less qualified and incompetent. I didn’t want to delve further after Lexi told me it was a personal matter. She wanted to make life a little more complicated for the guy, and I knew precisely how. I just needed to check a few things before I could assist.</p>
<p>“How about the other thing?” I asked her, and she considered it.</p>
<p>“I’ll do it for a hundred grand.” That was a lot of money to pay someone, but I was getting a distinct impression Lexi was giving me friends and family discounts. It was nothing so crude as paying for sexual services.</p>
<p>“You don’t want to know,” she said when I asked her how, and I believed her. The less I knew, the better it was for me, if for nothing less than plausible deniability. I had a problem I needed to sort out, and I was willing to pay a hundred grand for it to go away.</p>
<p>“Fifty now and fifty later,” she said, passing me a metal card with a QR code; it was a crypto wallet. A long time ago, when the whole crypto craze started, I wanted to stress-test our servers, so I adapted a Bitcoin miner and ran it across our data centre and mainframes, measuring peek core temperatures over a long time so I could come up with realistic MTF numbers and disaster recovery processes, keeping all the bitcoins on my anonymous MetaMask wallet. It was the perfect time to spend some. Who could have guessed how much the stupid crypto hashes would go up in value? I even asked permission to do that, omitting a few critical details, and received an email from management that said it was fine. Back then, nobody really cared about cryptocurrency; as long as none of our data leaked, it was okay.</p>
<p>I took my phone, and a minute later, Lexi’s phone bleeped. I transferred enough to cover the fifty thousand she wanted.</p>
<p>“I will give you that info you need by the end of the week.” It turned out Diarmaid was an excellent bargaining chip, but if Lexi asked me nicely, I would do it for free. I would even pay to see Diarmaid taken off his high horse by a peg or two. I knew many people who rooted for him to fail in his bid for CEO chair. Since today, I have become one of them, not for dropping me, but for almost laughing in my face. Lexi finished her cake and coffee and stood up to leave. She came close to kiss me and sniffed my neck.</p>
<p>“You clean up well,” she said and pecked my cheek. I watched her walk away, swaying her hips. I wasn’t the only one. Lexi made an impression wherever she went. I sighed. The sweet memories of our first time went through my mind. I caught myself humming the old Barbara Streisand song the way we were.</p>
<p>It was that kind of a day when all the crap that accumulated over time seems to converge into one, and you are forced to deal with it before it starts to fester and stink up the place. I picked up a phone, and it rang on the other side. Today was the day to catch up with loose ends, and like another artist, Eminem, I was just cleaning up my closet.</p>
<p>“Emma? Yes, it’s Jim.” We talked for a few minutes and laughed before she asked me to come to her place. She was a part-time personal assistant to some middle manager in a startup, which worked well with having enough time to study for her master’s in business administration.</p>
<p>Lamin picked me up and drove me to her place. It was in one of the six blocks of apartments recently built as part of a revitalisation project. She buzzed me in, and I took the elevator. Moments later, she opened her doors to let me inside.</p>
<p>It was a nice and cosy place, evident the woman lived there with so many little knickknacks like refrigerator magnets, but it was mostly the smell. The entire place was clean and perfumed. She wore a comfortable, loose white woollen sweater on top of distressed pale blue jeans that saw better days and socks with cartoon characters on her feet. Emma was trying to project a picture of cosy comfort. Still, her face was made up well with glossy pink lipstick, and her blonde hair was pulled back in a ponytail to focus all the attention on her gorgeous blue eyes.</p>
<p>She offered me tea, and I chose Earl Grey. Then we sat at the table and just looked at each other. Her face was a little flushed, and there was a light shudder to her hand and a slight tremor as she spoke.</p>
<p>“So, how have you been,“ she started, and I chuckled.</p>
<p>“You know why I am here.“ She nodded, with an almost inaudible “yes“ escaping her lips.</p>
<p>“It is because of what you said,“ she couldn’t bring herself to repeat it. I took a long sip of tea, smiling as I measured her up and down.</p>
<p>“I came here to fuck you.“ Emma jumped a little when I said that. I used my best voice with deep resonance. Of course, she knew why I came over. That’s why she invited me into her home, but now that I was there, it seemed too bizarre. I purposely used crude language to break her out of her pattern.</p>
<p>Since coming from America, I have had an opportunity to think and analyse what I learned from Dan and Fred about communication and observation. What I was doing was similar to another technique, the NLP, Neurolinguistic Programming, and its core principles. The scientific background for it was somewhat limited, and there were some considerable criticisms that were not well supported. Still, I looked deeper into the matter to see if I could connect or help organise what I learned in the proposed structures. I didn’t know if it made me a more effective orator or enabled me to classify my observations better, but sometimes, I could plainly see the patterns, which was the case with Emma. That’s why I started so strong in the first place.</p>
<p>Since we met, she and I have had occasional banter when going through messages. She would send me one like, “I’m hot and bothered. When are you going to come and fuck me?“ She was teasing me in the crudest way possible, but her confidence evaporated in real life. I surmised that the best strategy was to continue along the fantasy line.</p>
<p>“You look beautiful. Your lips make me want to kiss them.” Emma just blushed more. This is where the strategy kicked in. “Close your eyes and imagine how nice it would feel to sense my warm lips on yours. Now, imagine that feeling spreading all over, and you will notice that you are starting to feel hotter.” It was like magic, like some sort of hypnosis, when used with the right pitch and tone. She closed her eyes and licked her lip, pursing them a little, and I got up and crossed the space. Then, with the gentlest of movements, I touched hers with mine.</p>
<p>I could see goosebumps breaking out on Emma’s skin and knew that I found the way through to her fantasy.</p>
<p>“I want you to keep your eyes closed and follow me. Trust me.” I took Emma’s hand and led her into the bedroom, then made her sit. I could hear her air expelling with a shudder. Emma was turned on now and participating, so I continued.</p>
<p>“Imagine the feeling of my warm, soft tongue rubbing ever so gently over your most sensitive bit. Imagine it on your thighs, your pussy, and your clit. How would it feel? Try to imagine my tongue probing you inside, getting deeper and deeper and deeper yet?” I modulated my voice to perfection. Her breathing tempo increased.</p>
<p>With her eyes still closed, I talked to her all the way, telling her what I would do, undressing her slowly until she was naked from the waist down and lying on her bed.</p>
<p>“I want you to ask me to eat your pussy and make you cum.” She spoke in barely audible whispers, so I urged her to speak louder.</p>
<p>“Tell me what you want me to do to you. Tell me how much you want to feel me inside. How would it feel to be near an orgasm? Just one more push, and you would cum. Tell me what you want me to do to you now.” Emma was panting with her eyes closed and almost jumped as she felt my lips on her thighs. She started to whisper, then beg, repeating all the kinky messages she sent and more.</p>
<p>Her pussy was clean and recently shaven. She might have presented herself in a casual way, but she took a shower before I arrived. I could sense the smell of soap on her skin. I blew gently on her pussy lips, and they parted. Goosebumps covered her entire pubic area. She glistened inside.</p>
<p>No man touched Emma for over six months, ever since she broke up with Connor, the angry guy who punched my face. It was a humorous remark when I told Emma I would fuck Connor’s girlfriend for revenge, and we built up the online banter on that. It is hard to lead the casual conversation somewhere further than that. Emma opened herself to me and invited me into her fantasies, which over time just grew more explicit, to the point where she would text me at random and tell me she was horny. I would practice my skills with her and ask her to imagine me and her naked in the most explicit situation. She would text me, possibly masturbating at the same time. Now, all of it was becoming real.</p>
<p>“What are you doing?“ Tara asked me once, seeing me texting on my phone with a grin on my face. I tapped on the bed, and she jumped on and laid right next to me. I showed her the texts Emma sent me. Instantly, Tara asked me about everything, and I told her the story about being punched and talking with Tara at the hospital.</p>
<p>“Ooh, ooh, wait, type this,“ she said, full of ideas. Once aroused, Tara had a one-track mind. I gave my phone to her and turned to the side with my eyes closed to rest. Tara spent hours texting with Emma, pretending she was me, sharing the most explicit intricate fantasies, many of them involving two girls and one guy, grooming her into a fantasy threesome.</p>
<p>“You must make a video,“ Tara told me after I texted her from the car on my way to Emma. I thought she was more invested in this adventure than I was. I noticed something about all my girls. After we reached a certain level of intimacy, they all became fiercely protective of me. When I called Tara on my way to my ex-wife and shared my fears, she made me promise to stop by the spy camera store and set myself up to covertly record her for evidence. Tara even called Lamin to make sure I did that. I noticed it a few times before, something dark and vicious in Tara’s psyche; the way she talked about my ex was full of outright scorn and bile, like a pissed-off viper hiding in long grass, waiting to bite.</p>
<p>Emma sighed and pulled on her sheets with her hands as my tongue entered her pussy. She tasted fresh and succulent, perfectly clean and ready for sex. I wanted to eat her out for hours, but I was on the clock, so I pulled on her clitoral hood with my thumb and feasted on her pink, engorged nub. It only took a few minutes of moaning until she screamed. Her eyes popped open and locked onto mine as I feasted on her orgasm.</p>
<p>All the games and pretences melted away. Emma’s face finally reflected the lust she felt inside. It might all have started as a joke or a prank, but over time it evolved into a fantasy, and Emma knew she was going to get fucked. In one swift motion, she threw off her sweater. It was my turn to be surprised.</p>
<p>Since I met her, I have only seen Emma wearing baggy clothes. She was a slim, sexy blonde with all the sinew one would expect in a seductress, but her tits were huge, oversized, yet not saggy and runny but full, round, and bursting. She smiled, watching me stare at her two heavy mammaries. It was weird. Some women are self-conscious about small breasts like Tara, while others are self-conscious when their breasts look like they were made for a porn star.</p>
<p>“I love your tits,“ I said, and she gave me a shy smile. “They are the best tits I’ve seen in my life,“ and it wasn’t an exaggeration. For a boob guy like me, they looked heavenly. Emma stared at me as if trying to decide if I was for real, but I showed her soon enough by jumping on top of her, putting her nipple in my mouth, and nursing like an old pervert reincarnated as a toddler.</p>
<p>Emma frantically pulled on my clothes, trying to undress me. Gone was the timid creature and her inner slut was coming out. She was Miss Jekyll with a secret to hide.</p>
<p>“I want your cock,“ she said, almost snorting it like a beast. All those evenings when Tara didn’t have much to do, Emma spent with her, talking about the filthiest and most explicit fantasies. All of it revived itself now, and she was playing it out in real life.</p>
<p>“Give me your phone. I want to make a video for your boyfriend.“ This turned Emma on even more, and her hands started frantically looking for the device. She unlocked it and passed it over, and I recorded.</p>
<p>“Hi, Connor. It’s me, the guy you punched. I am going to fuck your girlfriend and cum inside her.“ Emma almost went nuts when she heard that, but I continued with my video exercise.</p>
<p>“Go on, slut, tell me what you want me to do.“ This was enough. All her repressed fear and anger wanted to surface, and it did in the most vile, perverted diatribe comparing Connor’s deformed, barely functioning, childlike appendage to the glorious cock of mine. She laid it on thick, using street slang, going into the most explicit detail of what she wanted me to do with her, and I followed.</p>
<p>I stuck my cock into her pussy, and she moaned. I pumped her hard, and Emma screamed, telling me all the way how much better lover I was than Connor and how she was happy to finally have sex with a real man. I fucked Emma through at least a dozen of her orgasms, compared to two of mine, and recorded my sperm oozing out from her pussy. When I came into her mouth the second time, she played with it and swallowed.</p>
<p>The film was a masterpiece of humiliation, broken up into about twenty little segments containing the highlights and the most important messages. Before Emma came to her senses, I found a WhatsApp chat she used and saw where Connor begged for forgiveness, so I attached all the videos, two times ten, and sent them, then sent a copy for myself to show Tara when I got home.</p>
<p>Never before have I done something like that, stood up for myself, or taken revenge on someone. As I looked back on my life and compared it, I certainly changed a lot since then, to the point I could barely even recognise myself. It started with Dan, who had just grown up there, and I took knowledge from wherever it came. Power could be so seductive sometimes, and I often chastised myself or worried about the abuse.</p>
<p>I thought it was an appropriate response this time, or maybe I just didn’t care. The man hit me, punched my face, humiliated me in front of everyone, and made me face my own insecurities. It was uncalled for, and I was scared. This was the price he ultimately paid.</p>
<p>“When will I see you again?“ Emma asked as I was leaving her apartment.</p>
<p>“Next time, it’s your turn to come to my place and have a threesome with me and my girlfriend.“</p>
<p>“I am not sure about that.“ I looked into her eyes with a big smile, set my tone and timbre just right, massaging her perfect massive breast as I did that.</p>
<p>“Imagine the taste of perfectly smooth and bare eighteen-year-old pussy on your tongue. How would it feel being fucked hard and at the same time eating another girl out? Imagine her orgasm in time with yours.“ Emma shuddered. Her eyes glazed, so I kissed her lips and patted her face.</p>
<p>“See you soon, babe.“ I closed the door behind me and left.</p>

</body>
</html>
