<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 26 - Storm in a teacup</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 26 - Storm in a teacup</h2>
<p>“Aaah,” I screamed, feeling pumped. I looked at my taped knuckles, and they were red. Boxing gloves are for pussies. I liked a bit of pain; it put me right into the moment. What used to be once a week turned into three times, then it became two days on and one rest day in a cycle. Kris put me on a strict diet of red meat and lamb’s lettuce seasoned with lemon juice, salt, and pepper.</p>
<p>“You could eat as much as you want,” Kris said and laughed, so I did, but she made me lose it all again. Since I came back from LA, I kicked it up a notch. Kris put me on a massive dose of liposomal vitamin C, carnitine, arginine, and a cocktail of various supplements. When I got strong enough for heavier weights, she put me on a course of methyl-1D pro-hormone for a single cycle to boost my entire metabolism and shoot my testosterone levels through the roof.</p>
<p>Needless to say, this had a massive effect on my sex drive, something Tara took the brunt of at home to her eternal gratitude. She even commented one time that my sperm volume increased to a mouthful from just half. When I would come deep inside her before, it would stay there, but now it leaked out.</p>
<p>Those weren’t the only changes. I lost some fat and gained lean muscle. When we started, Kris took me into a consultation room with a DEXA scanner with a specialist to interpret the results. Nothing but the best for the gym members. The machine itself retailed for a hundred thousand bucks. My body fat was nineteen per cent when I started, which dropped down to twelve after the course of pills, a strict diet, and torturous exercise. I could even begin to see the outline of my abdominal muscles, which motivated me to train even more.</p>
<p>“You have to take it easy. You’re hurting yourself.” I knew Kris meant well. It was her job as my personal trainer to keep me safe. It’s just that when I started to punch the sandbag, my mind would wander off somewhere, and I would start hitting it harder and harder. She began to teach me boxing, leg movement, coordination, and blocking. I was still very new at that, but I could throw a punch. Kris told me that if I could land it straight at the man’s jaw, he would go down, just like I did after receiving Connor’s punch.</p>
<p>I didn’t know that exercise could feel so invigorating or motivating. After the first few weeks of pain, where just about all my muscles complained, I got into the groove and started to enjoy myself, throwing things around and lifting weights. Tara would often come with me to the gym. I would do my exercises, and she would do her thing, which apparently involved about seventy per cent of socialising with other hotties.</p>
<p>Tara blossomed after I got her breast implants. In the beginning, she would stare at her reflection in the mirror forever, touching her breasts in disbelief. The doctor told me I would have to massage her new breasts at least twenty minutes a day, and I took to the chore with a smile. I massaged them at least three times as much. Kneading sexy breasts with my hands wasn’t exactly a punishment. It would get both of us aroused after the scars healed. Her new, even more feminine form did wonders for Tara’s self-confidence. After all the discomfort vanished, Tara became an even more demanding sexual partner. She made me have sex with her until she fainted. It made me work harder to become an even better lover.</p>
<p>“That’s enough for the day,“ Kris said, patting my shoulder. I made my way to the showers, undressed, and rested under the spray. It felt so good and invigorating each time after exercise. I turned around to see Kris standing on the side, measuring me from head to toe.</p>
<p>“Do you see anything you like?“ I asked.</p>
<p>“Nice cock,“ she said with a smile. “You’re filling out nicely.“</p>
<p>“Any time you want to go for a ride,” I replied. Kris burst into laughter.</p>
<p>“Nice try, Jim. You know the rules. You win in the ring, and you have an all-access pass to this,“ she said, making a sexy pose and pointing at her ass with her hand. We had this banter from the first day, and I liked to think we became friends, especially after I brought Tara. Kris often watched her exercise with particular interest.</p>
<p>I hadn’t seen Cassie since before my trip to LA. She thanked me for letting her use my place and disappeared somewhere, busy with something else. We texted intermittently, but I got no response lately, and the guys at The Chamber told me she wasn’t around for a while.</p>
<p>A couple of days ago, I got a message from The Society inviting me to Milano for a members‘ gathering. They got everyone passes for one of the fashion events, after which there was a fancy dinner and afterparty, and I was looking forward to some networking.</p>
<p>Every day, I took some time to practice everything I learned, focusing on storytelling, language and tone, the personality aspect, and the energy to develop the same mystery and charisma that sucked everyone in. I had this vision inspired by old westerns with John Wayne; when a man enters a room, and the music stops, everyone looks at him, waiting for his words. Life imitates art, and I wanted something like that, knowing it was a tall order, but it gave me something to aim for and try. I’ve seen some people who had a similar kind of pull. If they could do it, so could I, at least in theory, and I wanted to try.</p>
<p>I was looking forward to testing my skills at the gathering of The Society. I had enough time to sit down and work it out. These weren’t some secret world rulers or some hidden hand moving the political chess pieces around from the shadows. It was a club of rich and powerful people who each had a hundred thousand dollars to spend on membership each year as a filter for keeping the uncommitted out, and they dealt with each other with preferential treatment, helping one another get even richer. If a company was buying supplies or giving tenders, they would first look within The Society and try to do business there before going outside. This meant that the companies connected to The Society had an unfair competitive advantage over others. I was looking for some of that.</p>
<p>This invitation gave me an idea of how to reconnect with Cassie. She was passionate about modelling, but I thought it was more for her own self-esteem. I had a real-life model at home, and Tara wasn’t interested in returning to that life.</p>
<p>“I love being just your property, master,“ she said. Tara started calling me “master“ after one long role-play weekend involving sex toys and bondage equipment she brought from a sex shop. She said it turned her on, the kink and everything. She was already messed up in her head, so why not this? She never got out of character. Like a dedicated method actress, she smoothly transitioned from being my property to being my sex slave. It would concern me if anything changed, but apart from nomenclature, nothing was different except for the more common use of bondage equipment during our intimate moments. For some reason, it turned Tara on to be tied up and helpless, then used as a sexual object for my own pleasure. It was pretty much the same as before, only her fantasy got deeper. I realised I would never get rid of her anyway, so what did it matter the games we played. Tara became a fixed part of my life. She looked after me and loved me more than anyone before. Those were her words, not mine.</p>
<p>I texted Cassie on my way home, telling her about the fashion show in Milano and a party afterwards, inviting her to come as a guest. Within seconds, she texted me back.</p>
<p>“Can I bring a friend?“</p>
<p>“How does she look?“</p>
<p>“You won’t be disappointed,“ she wrote with a bunch of smilies at the end. I was getting tired of Cassie’s games. Still, I would also do anything to make her mine, not for the sex or because I was desperately in love, but because she represented a huge milestone due to her unique beauty and poise.</p>
<p>This relentless persistence and meticulous attention to detail sometimes made me feel insane. I swore to do everything and anything to get Cassie, whatever it meant, to become a man worthy of her attention and love. Giving up wouldn’t be just a failure but a betrayal of myself. I promised to give Dan a year of my life, which meant I promised myself to do whatever was necessary to become the best kind of myself. It was all connected.</p>
<p>The day had arrived, and I was quietly sipping a cup of coffee at one of the Heathrow pubs when I saw the crowd turn their heads. There they were. The two girls looked gorgeous and fashionable in their colourful dresses, strutting high heels and pulling the hardshell luggage. Everyone, including me, wanted to see them.</p>
<p>Instantly, my mood jumped up a few notches. Cassie always had that effect on me, but I couldn’t take my eyes off the blonde. She was tall and slim, about five-ten, almost looking frail if she wasn’t the epitome of health. Everything inside me surged. I felt like a bull shown a red cape.</p>
<p>As they got closer, I measured the blonde up and down. Shay was a vision of beauty, class, and style. Her deep blue eyes captured my attention, similar to Cassie’s yet very different, somehow softer, gentler. The hair framing her face was naturally light blonde, contrasting perfectly against Cassie’s black. Both girls had perfect sensual faces, but the blonde was cute, almost looking innocent, like a child, if it wasn’t for her sultry lips and those eyes.</p>
<p>Everything else was just right in its place when you imagined a perfect woman, looking at the details. Fred, the photographer, taught me how to observe, analyse and find flaws, but there were none. Just like Cassie, the blonde was perfect. I couldn’t even imagine two of them in the same place. That was such a small probability, appearing like magic. The blonde had long, slim arms and long, feminine fingers. Her legs were long and slender, and her proportions perfect.</p>
<p>Both girls had this fashion model strut I got used to with Tara, but they were radiant. Tara was gorgeous, but she seemed plain in comparison. The two girls radiated profound sexual energy, strong as a power line, thick as butter. Just looking at them made my mouth salivate. I was again smitten and overpowered, completely mesmerised. Now, there were two of them, and I wanted them both. This was the root of the problem, a megalomania that sometimes takes control of your brain. I waved, and Cassie smiled, ran up to me, and hugged me tight.</p>
<p>“Mmm, you smell good,“ she whispered into my ear, sending shivers down my spine while goosebumps broke out on my arms. She was, of course, referring to my bespoke perfume. Everyone loved it. The old man, the perfumer, was a genius and worth every penny.</p>
<p>“This is Shay,“ she said, pointing at her blonde friend. Shay offered her gorgeous feminine hand, which felt so soft and warm that I wanted to kiss it instead of shake it.</p>
<p>“Nice to meet you, Jim,“ and I shivered again, feeling the subtle vibration of her soft voice strum every sense I had. What I tried to learn and practised every day, this girl mastered. She knew perfectly well how to project herself in the most pleasing way.</p>
<p>“Let’s go then. I already checked in.“ The girls giggled and rolled their suitcases toward the priority check-in for business class and above. We had three seats in a row and plenty of good leg space, and the girls quickly decided which one would have the window or the aisle. I was in the middle, sandwiched between them, thinking the middle seat was not that bad as long as the right company was on both sides.</p>
<p>“I’m scared of flying,” Shay said as the plane started to climb. She put her hand into mine and squeezed, rubbing my fingers with hers. As soon as the seatbelt sign switched off, we reclined the seats, and Cassie put her head on my shoulder, turning her nose into my neck, inhaling my scent.</p>
<p>Shay never let go of my hand, and I suspected this was a play. Both girls were playing some sort of cat-and-mouse game with me, seemingly competing with each other, but both were winning. I was used to Cassie’s bizarre behaviour, but Shay was a stranger, yet she acted in what felt to me like a too-familiar way. Where were the boundaries? All of it felt a little incongruent, and then I thought about something. The girls were friends, possibly best friends, and similar characters attracted each other. For someone to be this close to Cassie, you have to conclude that either Cassie was faking it or they were more similar than it would appear.</p>
<p>I thought how, over time, I would learn to understand the nuances of interaction with women, but just like the first time when I observed, the prettier the girl, the more extreme the difference. All women in my life were gorgeous by any measure, but there was a clear-cut, visible physical difference between my girls and the two of them. I couldn’t put my finger on it because it wasn’t just one thing, but a whole range of minuscule ones, all adding up to something massive but completely primal, subconscious in its nature.</p>
<p>Even the scent was different. When I smelled these two ladies, their natural odour beneath perfume, I felt like sinking my teeth into them and just ravishing them. I found it physically exhilarating, making me almost aroused. It was the pheromone, like what I earlier surmised. I thought I was wrong or misinterpreted it the first time, but no. Even now, my reaction was primal.</p>
<p>Unfortunately, my learned charm, which worked so well on most other people, missed the mark here. Cassie liked me for her own reasons, and so, it seemed, did Shay, but I couldn’t figure out why. They liked me simply because they liked me, and all my conclusions led to circular logic. Cassie did what she wanted for her own reasons or none at all, remaining impenetrable to the world and resistant to any attempt to classify. This made me frustrated and only made me want her more to either unpick the Gordian knot or cut through it, as Alexander the Great did.</p>
<p>The flight lasted about two hours, and halfway there, Cassie started biting my earlobe and sucking my neck, leaving little hickeys, marking me with them. Shay’s hand slipped out of mine and landed in my crotch, massaging my inner thigh. It was surreal. I didn’t know if I should scream or laugh or grab them by their hair like a caveman and drag them into a toilet to join the mile-high club.</p>
<p>When I thought about it, I realised that the worst thing about this was that it happened so naturally, organically, as if they didn’t do any of it consciously, as if it was supposed to be that way, like wind or rain. If I called them on it, the girls would probably look at me confused, like, “What? No, you’re imagining, Jim. You’re overthinking.“ It was like the Last Samurai movie when the kid comes to the soldier and tells him, “No mind.“ Perhaps I should learn to think less and just enjoy myself if I weren’t such an engineer who just had to know how things work together.</p>
<p>The plane landed, and we got our luggage. Just outside the secure zone, Lamin waited in a parking lot with the car. Cassie was surprised to see him, and I explained that I sent him two days ago to drive across because I would need a car in Italy. It took him fourteen hours to drive and one hotel stay in Strasbourg. He sent me a picture of Choucroute, their local delicacy, he had for dinner on my per diem to taunt me.</p>
<p>Like in a plane, I sat in the middle, and the girls instantly got animated, exploring the car, every nook and cranny. Cassie was too distraught the first time to fully appreciate everything top-of-the-range Maybach had to offer. Shay was doubly inquisitive. The more she found, the sexier she became until both wrapped their arms around mine, gurgling into my ears like two doves.</p>
<p>Usually, I would draw conclusions about beauty and power, but I already learned my lesson. Beautiful and expensive things excited Cassie. She liked to be around them and enjoy herself. Still, unlike more flexible women, Cassie didn’t trade sexual services for money and promises. It was a conundrum that gives a headache. The best way to deal with it is to stop thinking, enjoy yourself, live in the moment, and when she asks you something, always be honest. This worked for me so far, but it didn’t lead anywhere. Cassie and I would get together, have a good time, and then it would end. She would reset. I had no reason to think Shay was any different. She seemed to mimic her friend and follow her cues.</p>
<p>The concierge booked me a presidential suite at an upmarket boutique hotel. I liked it already. One side was dressed in all sorts of colourful creeper plants. We were expected, and just minutes later, we closed the doors behind us, and the girls started exploring the place.</p>
<p>It was a huge room like a large apartment, exquisitely designed and styled by an award-winning Italian designer. All furniture was bespoke and custom-made, so everything fit into a single flow of opulence. I heard giggles from the bathroom, so I went to check it out and was impressed. The floors and walls were dressed in brushed granite slates, while the shower and basins were made of black marble. Most importantly, right by the window overlooking the city was another large, self-standing ceramic white designer bathtub. I had no doubt it was placed there by someone with a good grasp of hedonism.</p>
<p>The bedroom was beautiful and spacious, facing a glass wall for an incredible nightscape as you lay on a king-size bed and counted the lights to fall asleep. I don’t know why, but the Italians certainly had a lot of sense for style. Perhaps that’s why all the sexy sports cars and motorcycles originated there and why Italy is the de facto fashion capital of Europe, possibly the entire Western world as well.</p>
<p>I swallowed as the girls nonchalantly dropped their clothes. Cassie was first, and Shay followed without a drop of shyness, a smidgeon of self-consciousness, and why wouldn’t they? The girls were genetically perfect specimens for the continuation of the species. They were so gorgeous that they could turn a gay man straight.</p>
<p>Cassie’s body always sucked me in, like a whirlpool made out of something beautiful, but I almost gasped seeing Shay for the first time. She looked indescribable. Wherever I looked, everything was perfect. My eyes stopped on her breasts. They were a bit smaller than Cassie’s. If I were to guess by one size. Still, they looked perfect on her frame, round and soft, and riding high on her chest with perfect pink nipples poking out. I just wanted to put them in my mouth and suck them.</p>
<p>The girls giggled at my unabashed, wanton display of desire. They nudged me to put on my swimming trunks while they experimented with a selection of sexy bikinis in bright colours, each smaller than the other, covering as much as scratches on an old Polaroid photograph.</p>
<p>It was still early, and there was nothing to do but relax. Nobody wanted to go out and tour the city, so the girls decided that the best way to spend the time was to sit by the pool on the roof and sunbathe, drink light cocktails, and get themselves ready for the party later that day.</p>
<p>I jumped into the pool straight away, partially to give my raging boner some time to rest. It was hard like a rock from the moment the girls undressed, and I was afraid I would develop priapism by the time the day ended. The girls spread suntan lotion all over their skin. My mind went straight to that day in San Diego with four girls and me sunbathing, and my erection just got worse, so I closed my eyes, lay on my back, and floated on the water.</p>
<p>It would be hard to tell how much time had passed. There was a splash, and I opened my eyes just in time to inhale. Something pulled me below water, and I almost drowned. It was Cassie. She felt a bit hot from the sun and restless, so she decided to swim a little and play a game. She swam away from me in mock fear that I would grab her and dunk her, but I coughed a little as I came up, and she swam back to me and hugged me tight.</p>
<p>“I’m sorry. I’m sorry,“ Cassie kept repeating, kissing my face until she saw me smile. Then she gave me a big smooch and bit my ear, tonguing it to distract me from her hand that made its way into my shorts and gave my cock a few nice tugs before swimming away with laughter. Cassie was a tease of the highest order.</p>
<p>I heard another splash and saw Shae diving. She emerged right next to me and repeated almost verbatim what Cassie did. She just gave me a massive kiss, then bit my lip while her hand played with my cock and testicles. Before I could react, she dived in again and swam to Cassie.</p>
<p>The two decided it was a fair fight to attack me alone. I dived in, and the girls followed, chasing me all over the pool, playing shark until they had me cornered, and I cried, Uncle. They won. It was shallow enough to stand, so the girls came to me, one on each side. Cassie licked my cheek, and I turned my head towards her; then she gave me a kiss, placing my hand on her breast and letting me squeeze it. As soon as she broke off, Shay did the same, and then suddenly, the two girls kissed and fondled each other.</p>
<p>It was my turn when they stopped, so I wedged Cassie into the corner and pulled her hair. I attacked her neck with my teeth and tongue, ending in a kiss where we wrestled our tongues. I pushed my hand under her bra and stuffed a finger of my other hand into her pussy, and fingered it a little. She moaned loudly for almost a minute, and then we had to break off for air.</p>
<p>Cassie moved to the side while Shay looked at me with her big blue eyes, her face a caricature of anticipation. I pulled her in and gave her the same treatment. Finally, the girls ganged up on me again, squeezing me into the same corner so I couldn’t escape. They kissed me hard, and then they kissed each other, with both their hands in my swimming trunks, rubbing my cock and balls.</p>
<p>If one could imagine, just for a moment, the two most beautiful and sexy women you saw in your life doing the same to you, how would that feel? I didn’t have to wonder anymore, and my cock spasmed and sprayed sperm all over. The girls made sure I blasted it all out, rubbing my cock frantically, massaging my balls.</p>
<p>“We win!“ Cassie exclaimed, and the two women swam away with giggles. I wanted to chase after them but was too weak to do that. My knees were trembling from an immense orgasm. Again, like the first time, I felt empty inside, just standing there in the corner, bathing in my own sperm and water, watching the girls make an entire show of getting out of the pool, making sure I had a good look at their asses in the process.</p>
<p>It took me a few moments to pull myself away from a cloud of my own semen and swim a couple of rounds before I was sure all of my essence washed away. The girls were lying on their stomachs with their backs exposed to the sun. I took the cream they used before and rubbed it into Cassie’s back, kneading her shoulders. I was hard again in a moment. That woman had so much power over my primal response. Whenever I was next to her, I wanted to breed. Not make love or have sex, but pull her hair and fuck her until her belly resembled a balloon, then fuck her some more. This was the part that confused me the most. Why did she have so much power over me? Why such an uncontrollable primal response?</p>
<p>She purred and squirmed as I moved lower. One pull of a string and her bra opened, like unwrapping the most delicate present, exposing her sinuous back to me. It’s so strange, as I’ve seen her naked before. We’ve slept together naked and cuddled. Still, like the first time I saw her, I wanted to devour her, like the tastiest treat one could imagine, except there were two of them now.</p>
<p>I heard a moan as I kneaded Cassie’s ass, rubbing the lotion deep into her skin. Her body enchanted me, and my cock was hard like a steel pipe again. I could almost feel all my sanity drain away, and my brain switched to thinking with my little head. At first, I thought it was just me, but in a bout of bravery, I pulled her little micro bikini panties aside, and Cassie’s glistening pussy was so wet it was running out.</p>
<p>This was too much for me, and I squirted some lotion on top of it and massaged the outside with my finger. I could see Cassie’s back go up and down. She was aroused as hell and taking deep breaths. Do or die, I had to risk everything, whatever happened, just to get the feel of it, so I pulled my shorts down, and my cock sprung up like a flagpole. I put some lotion on it and used it to rub my cock against her perfect wet pink hole.</p>
<p>God knows I just wanted to touch it and rub it, but her pussy heat and wetness made me go crazy, and I pushed in a little. Cassie just laid on her stomach, with her head to the side, eyes closed, pretending she didn’t know what was happening. I pushed my cock a little deeper, then pulled it out, then again and again, fucking her pussy with just a tip. About fifty strokes were all it took to cross over, and my cock twitched like mad, seeding Cassie with another blast of my sperm. I let it all out without restraint until I seeded her all the way. As I pulled my cock out, I could see my sperm starting to run, so I put back on her panties, pretending nothing ever happened and resumed with the massage all the way down her legs, ending with her feet.</p>
<p>Cassie showed no signs of even being aware she got fucked, like nothing was happening, like it was just a normal part of the massage. I don’t know if it was the pills I was taking, which tripled my testosterone levels, or if it was the endless rough sex I had with Tara that kept me hard after that. I just came a lot and filled Cassie’s pussy, but my cock didn’t lose its hardness. Perhaps, just like Cassie, it, too, pretended nothing had happened.</p>
<p>I looked on the side and saw Shay watching me with a mischievous smile. She reached behind with her hand, pulled on the string, and her bra opened, never breaking eye contact with mine. Obviously, she saw everything I did to Cassie and sent me a message, or maybe it was all in my head.</p>
<p>“Timid hearts never attract attractive ladies,“ I remember Tara saying once. All or nothing, once more unto the breach, dear friends. What’s good for Shakespeare is good for the rest. I got up and straddled Shay’s back, massaging her with earnestness, loving every inch of her skin. By the time I reached her incredible ass, my cock was as hard as ever and ready to ejaculate.</p>
<p>Like with Cassie, I pulled Shay’s panties aside. She was even wetter than her best friend, and I repeated the exact same steps: a little lotion and rubbing before I inserted my cock inside. Just a short time later, I erupted inside her as well. Inside my head, I imagined my tiny sperm swimming inside, searching for an egg to fertilise, to impregnate the blonde tease and have her bear my children. Something so primal, so animalistic took over me.</p>
<p>I put Shay’s panties back to prevent any sperm leakage, finished my massage, and then lay on a sunbed between them on my back, trying to catch my breath. In just over an hour, I came three times. It was my personal best ever. God bless Tara and all the chemical supplements. I felt a gentle touch on my fingers and turned my head to Cassie. Our eyes met, and all I could see there was love.</p>
<p>“What the hell was happening?“ My alter ego screamed. I was so confused. I took her hand into mine and lovingly massaged her fingers. She smiled at me and closed her eyes. Cassie was happy. “How the hell was she happy about that?“ We didn’t even have proper sex; she didn’t orgasm. I literally just used her as a cum receptacle to satisfy myself, and yet she looked at me with love. “I give up!“ That was it. Understanding women is nonsense. Just as I thought I had a grasp, I realised how much I was fooling myself.</p>
<p>My mind would spiral if I didn’t feel the touch on my right hand. I turned my head to Shay, and she gave me the same smile, only with surprise in her eyes. It was crazy. Did all gorgeous women have some screws loose? Instead of looking hurt and judgmental, they seemed to almost enjoy it. It was as if filling their pussies to the brim with my sperm somehow gave them confirmation that they were loved and cared for. And I knew for a fact that Cassie didn’t have another guy. “Fuck me! Fuck my life!“ I was going insane. They were driving me nuts. None of it made the slightest bit of sense to me. I have never felt so frustrated.</p>
<p>When I woke, I realised I had closed my eyes and drifted away. The girls were still in the same position as before, holding my hands the same way, except now our fingers were intertwined. They, too, were asleep, and I thought it was just a moment, but the sun was turning red.</p>
<p>I rubbed Cassie’s hand a little, and she shook and opened her eyes. It took her a second to figure out where she was, and then she smiled. She got off her sunbed and squeezed onto mine. I felt Shay move, and then she, too, came over. It was funny; they held onto me, intertwined from each side, balancing against gravity with me in the middle, keeping them from falling to the floor. They cuddled and nestled with me, keeping their heads on my chest, rubbing it with their hands, then pushed their hands into my shorts and started tugging my flaccid cock and massaging my balls.</p>
<p>Within five seconds, I was hard again. The girls giggled like children, kissed my cheek, and then Cassie licked her side before they jumped up and laughed.</p>
<p>“We win again!“ What the hell were they winning? I had no clue. They probably just wanted to make me horny, lusting for them, as if that was some sort of achievement. They could snap their fingers, and I’d come running like a well-trained German shepherd. The two held so much power over my primal brain that I doubt I would be able to refuse them anything they asked, but strangely, they didn’t ask for anything, not even a cocktail. For some reason, I couldn’t explain; the two were just happy to spend time with me doing whatever seemed fun at the moment.</p>
<p>The girls started running away as I approached them, giggling like crazy kids playing tag. As soon as the elevator doors closed, the girls began kissing me, licking my face, and pulling the strings of their bikinis. The door bleeped, and they ran out butt naked, leaving me to pick up their swimwear, which covered little and fooled no one.</p>
<p>As soon as they reached the door, they started jumping, waving to me to come over faster. That’s when I took my time, slowed down, and whistled, leaving them naked in the hotel corridor where anyone could see them. They squealed and urged me to hurry up. It took me well over a minute to get there. Immediately, they wrapped themselves around me and started kissing and licking my face.</p>
<p>This was the proof that insanity is contagious. At first, it was only Cassie, but now Shay has started licking my face as if I were some kind of ice cream or a lollipop. I asked Cassie once, but she just giggled and licked me more.</p>
<p>“I like kissing you,“ she told me once. Cassie spent most of the night sitting in my lap, kissing me over and over again until both our lips were chafed, only to completely ghost me the day after. At one moment, I thought Cassie was insane, but she made me feel so great that I didn’t care. I just wanted her to be mine. It was something I couldn’t explain, and I would happily spend the rest of my life chasing that gorgeous coo-coo babe.</p>
<p>The two giggling girls pulled me into the shower as soon as the door closed. Shay pulled my shorts down while Cassie set the water at the right temperature. She took a soap and gave me a loofah, then started to lather all of us. No sexual innuendo, no foreplay, just cleaning each other under jets of warm water.</p>
<p>“I told you he has a nice cock,” Cassie said to Shay, holding my erect penis, watching it closely before leaning in and giving a big, fat kiss to my purple head. Shay wrapped her hand around it, and there was still enough left. She examined it almost clinically before giving it another big kiss.</p>
<p>After we were done with our bodies, Cassie popped out of the bathroom for a second, bringing back a small bag with toiletries and gave me a shampoo I didn’t recognise. The girls made me massage their scalps and wash their hair before they let me repeat the same with conditioner and coconut butter. I finally discovered the secret of why Cassie’s hair always looked perfect—so shiny, healthy, and thick. It took almost forty minutes to wash and treat it.</p>
<p>We dried off and sat on the bed. The girls wouldn’t even touch the blow dryer; they just gave me some expensive-looking brushes and made me comb through their hair with endless patience. I loved to do that for some reason, and I was good at it. The girls purred like kittens with their eyes closed, enjoying themselves while I enjoyed the feel of their soft hair, watching their nakedness, getting high on their pheromones.</p>

</body>
</html>
