<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 27 - Smoke and Mirrors</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 27 - Smoke and Mirrors</h2>
<p>We were fashionably late, ten minutes past eight. Lamin drove us to the place, got out wearing his best suit and a matching chauffeur’s cap, opened the door, and slightly bowed. It was a play he had rehearsed many times with Tara until he got it perfect.</p>
<p>Shay was the first to come out, holding Lamin’s gloved hand. She was dressed in an exquisite white Valentino embroidered crepe couture evening dress with little white pearls and miniature golden leaves attached to the chest and shoulders, as if little golden angels had fallen with the snow and covered the top of the dress. Cassie was the next one to walk out, wearing the same setup. Two girls, like two fairies wearing seemingly simple but exquisite dresses, walked on cream Saint Laurent Opyum Leather Sandals. They almost seemed surreal, like floating on air.</p>
<p>Everything seemed to stop, and everyone entering the building turned around to see an exquisite sight—a Maybach with a driver and British license plates, two identical angels with blue eyes, one blonde, another brunette. Then, finally, I came out—a man in his early forties wearing a dark indigo striped suit made of all the best materials, made for just such an occasion by the finest tailors of Saville Row in London, walking on equally perfect handmade, first-time-worn leather shoes.</p>
<p>The girls wrapped their arms around mine, and we walked inside, followed by a few dozen eyes. Someone must have expected us, as a small man in a suit led us inside. He took us to our seats, bowed, and left. I pretended to not see anything, but I watched the others. Most of the eyes were focused on us. Walking with such two beauties in tow was making a statement. I had my reasons, and I aimed to impress. From all the darting eyes and whispers, I gathered that I most likely succeeded.</p>
<p>After about fifteen minutes, the lights dimmed. My two girls were switched on, right in their element. The presenter welcomed everyone to the show, then the music blasted, and the screen showed a short intro video for the designer. Then, the models started coming out—tall, sexy, and stunning, but not even in the same league as my two companions. I knew it, my girls knew it, and probably everyone else in the place knew it. Perhaps even the models knew it if they watched us come in.</p>
<p>I’ve never seen a show like this before, and I was surprised how much I liked it. As the models came out, I picked one thing, then another, thinking about what would look great on one of my girls and why. I realised that by keeping around the crowd like this, I could have access to all sorts of great things to wear, those that never make it to shops or see the light of day. It intrigued me.</p>
<p>The show lasted for over an hour. It was a spectacle, and I truly enjoyed myself. The girls‘ hands must have been hurting from how much they clapped. I could see on their faces that this was their passion, and they were mesmerised. As the lights went on and everyone stood up, I saw a couple of guys I met in LA. One of them waved to me, pointing to the outside. I wasn’t in a hurry and allowed the crowd to clear before standing up.</p>
<p>It was the same principle about queuing at the airport. Before boarding time, you see people queuing up and standing in line, even for an hour, just to be first onto the plane. I never saw the point of that. If you’ve got allocated seating, then why bother? Don’t carry a large cabin bag, just a small one to store your laptop and whatever you’ll need on the flight so you don’t have to navigate the packed storage above, and always choose a window seat so you don’t get disturbed by people wanting to go to the toilet. I always waited until the last passenger crossed the line, waited a few minutes or until they called my name, and then walked in like a king. Why bother doing it the other way? It is just a stupid crowd mentality, acting without thinking.</p>
<p>As the herd thinned, I got up with my two lovely ladies, each on one arm. We walked out like royalty, photographed by the paparazzi as we left the building. The girls posed for a minute with perfect smiles until Maybach arrived. Lamin got out to open the doors, and we got inside. The hotel for the reception and afterparty was on the other side of town. It was a few minutes past ten when we arrived. This time, there was no crowd or photographers; it was just the hotel staff dressed in livery, ushering us into a grand ballroom. It was packed with round tables and people.</p>
<p>Each member knew the numbers. There were over three hundred Society members and their guests. There were over sixty round tables, each seating five, in a grand white hall with golden frescos inside and the largest crystal chandelier I had ever seen. Whatever this place was, it was meant for princes.</p>
<p>The usher took us to our table. I said hello to the other guests, shook their hands, and introduced my girls. Most people had brought female companions with them, and most stared at Cassie and Shay as soon as they saw them. The women the others brought were great-looking ladies, but compared to the two, they weren’t in the same sport, let alone the same league. Cassie and Shay stood out so much from the rest that it felt like there should be a step in between, and I was right. Just about that time, the models waltzed in and started to mingle, gravitating to one group of tables, which I presumed seated the designers.</p>
<p>One would think I was at the wrong table, but that would be false. I was right where I was meant to be, opposite Salvatore Conti, another Society member. When the invitation came around, I talked to the organisers, asking them about who sat where and looking for a specific type of person. It turned out Salvatore was the one. The Society introduced us, and we had a short video call, promising to catch up and get to know each other in person at the event. Of course, I wanted to schmooze with other members, but this man was the person I came to see.</p>
<p>Salvatore was a fascinating man in his late fifties. He wore a white tailored suit and a black shirt with a white bow tie. The man was of average height, about five-ten or eleven, very slim but not frail, with salt-and-pepper moustaches twirled at the ends akin to Salvador Dali. In fact, he resembled the man in his face. Perhaps that’s why he chose this style, but I didn’t ask.</p>
<p>He came without a companion and curiously looked at the ladies. The girls all smiled and had sparkling eyes. They clearly enjoyed themselves immensely, sipping their champagne with careful moderation. The girls were pacing themselves lest they imbibe too much and ruin the night for themselves.</p>
<p>We were all engrossed in polite conversation, sussing each other out and sharing our backgrounds, when the sound of a bell focused us on the podium. The organizers came out, thanking everyone who came. The speaker turned towards the designers and models and introduced them as our honoured guests. It was a ruse, an excuse for many of The Society’s single members to rub shoulders with the fashion industry’s up-and-comers. I, for one, intended to do that.</p>
<p>After a short speech, the man called my name, and I stood up so everyone could get a good look at who I was. He introduced me simply as James from London without giving any additional information. It was my first time debuting in The Society. Those who wanted to know me were encouraged to do so later in the evening.</p>
<p>That’s when everyone clapped, and a horde of waiters walked in, pushing serving carts carrying plates and trays. And again, it was the nouvelle cuisine, a small piece of food on a large white plate—intricately designed, beautifully tasting nonsense that wouldn’t feed a cat. The girls didn’t seem to mind. They were all in for the experience. I got the smallest steak ever and a spoonful of mashed potato with some herbs on top.</p>
<p>To annoy the waiters, I asked them for salt, pepper, and some ketchup. I could see them clench their fists and roll their eyes. Salvatore twirled his moustache and smiled. He figured out I was doing it on purpose.</p>
<p>“Don’t worry. I’ll take you to McDonald’s later to eat something nice.” I said to the girls. As soon as I said that, Salvatore burst into laughter. He was right; I was a rebel who liked to eat. “Would it be so difficult to do the same but with a normal portion instead?” I asked him a rhetorical question, and he shrugged. “I knew I should have packed sandwiches.” He enjoyed my whinging; I was right. The man was a whinger himself.</p>
<p>It didn’t take a genius to suss him out with my trained observation skills. Salvatore’s entire presentation was immaculate. Even his bow tie was perfectly done and perfectly symmetrical. I was willing to bet he was a man of few compromises, and I wanted him to make a big one.</p>
<p>The dinner passed in pleasant chatter. In the end, the waiters removed the plates and brought bottles of scotch, cognac, wine, and champagne with fruits and snacks, and the podium was cleared for those who wanted to dance. Soft music played, and I invited Shay to dance. She was light on her feet and moved with natural grace. As the song ended, we kissed, and hand in hand, I escorted her to the table.</p>
<p>It was Cassie’s turn, and we did the same. In and out, we went and danced for some twenty minutes before the girls wanted to meet the designers and models. I took them there, and they were welcomed like celebrities. The fashion people could undoubtedly tell what they were looking at—a genetic perfection seldom seen on a runway. Those were the kind of girls the designers envisioned wearing their clothes. Unfortunately, you couldn’t find such women slaving away, walking on the runway. I couldn’t even imagine Cassie or Shay letting some rank amateur spray their hair or use cheap makeup to clog their pores, and for what? The pittance the fashion industry paid for the events? Cassie and Shay were better than that.</p>
<p>While the girls talked, several models invited me to dance, complimenting my clothes and asking about my smell, tap dancing around my choice in women with oblique compliments formulated as questions. And as the song ended, invariably, the girls would pull out their phones to exchange contact details. I thought they failed to recognise I had nothing to do with the modelling business, but that didn’t stop them from following my Instagram page. All of them scrolled through my feed and stared. Rylee and Callie did a perfect job of turning my collection of pictures into someone who lives an incredible life. Maybe that was true from a particular perspective, but to me, it was all normal, just part of the road I took, a memento of a journey from who I was to who I am.</p>
<p>Cassie and Shay held onto my arms like two koalas to a branch as we did our rounds. I introduced myself at one table and another, trying to memorise all the faces and match them against names, but it was impossible. How does one meet three hundred people and remember them? I was adamant about politely saying “hi” to everyone and introducing myself. Maybe I couldn’t remember them, but perhaps they would remember me instead, and who knows if or when our paths cross again. This was the result of what I learned from Dan, not the women, even though he was focused on them.</p>
<p>Everyone was happy and smiling, looking forward more to meeting the girls than me, but I didn’t take it personally. I’d prefer meeting the two beauties as well, compared to some middle-aged guy, no matter how good his suit was. It was a real get-together of rich and powerful people. They all had something special: old money, a factory, or a bank. They were all worth connecting with, and some of them were pretty receptive, following my Instagram, and I followed them back.</p>
<p>The girls were glowing, loving the attention. They practically fed off everyone’s admiration and praise. When someone told them how beautiful their dresses were, they took it as a personal compliment. Screw the dress, they made the cloth come out in the right shape. That’s what one of the designers told them, asking them to model for his catalogue.</p>
<p>“It’s up to him,” they pointed at me, and the man quickly followed me online. I came to Milan to talk to everyone, especially one man, and to introduce myself to The Society. It was working, and soon enough when we sat down to rest a bit, people we had just met approached us, saying, “Hey, Jim. I want you to meet,” this person or that. While I was talking to my new acquaintances, the girls joined Salvatore in a lively debate. Apparently, he liked to be teased by women. He enjoyed flirting with them, smiling and twirling his moustaches between his fingers. I knew firsthand what kind of effect the two could have.</p>
<p>I never saw Cassie so happy and excited. She was practically radiating joy and happiness. Her eyes sparkled, and her smile enchanted, and Shay was just a blonde mirror of that. I still couldn’t figure the two out, but for some reason, whatever it was, Shay was mimicking Cassie. It wasn’t a competition or awe. She just did, and it didn’t make sense to me or maybe anyone, but it made sense to them. Perhaps I was wrong about going on about that. What did it matter anyway?</p>
<p>It was late, but the party seemed to have just started. The models went around and mingled. There were forty of them, not enough for single men, all wanting to have a dance. They were constantly approached and plied with cocktails, then led to the podium where they danced. Nobody approached my two women. Maybe they saw how they clung to me all the time.</p>
<p>At what seemed to me was the peak of the evening, Cassie leaned into me and licked my ear.</p>
<p>“I am horny,” she said, and I looked into her eyes to see a clear wanton gaze. I turned to everyone at the table and cleared my throat.</p>
<p>“Please excuse me, ladies and gentlemen. I have to call it a night. I’ve got pressing matters to attend to.” They smiled and wished us good night. Everyone knew exactly what this was about, and I shook the men’s hands. Salvatore squeezed mine and pulled me in.</p>
<p>“Why don’t you drive up to my place tomorrow, and we can sit down and talk?“ I thanked the man, accepted his offer, then said my goodbyes again to everyone and left with the two ladies clinging to me, walking like princesses who had a little too much to drink. This was what the night was all about, getting the old man Conti curious enough. People called him “the monopoly man,” and he just took the bait.</p>
<p>Lamin started the car, and as soon as we were on our way, the girls attacked me. Cassie straddled me, and we kissed like teenagers while Shay unclasped my belt, took off my shoes, and pulled down my trousers. Only then did I realise that the girls wore their dresses without underwear. As soon as Cassie sat on top of me, I could feel her heat and wetness running down my leg. She wasn’t just horny; she was ravenous.</p>
<p>My cock sprang up in record time, pressing against her pussy, as if trying to force its way in. Cassie didn’t miss a beat with her arms wrapped around my neck. She kissed me endlessly, moaning into my mouth while our tongues wrestled. She lifted her ass up a bit, and like magic, my cock slid in all the way. I was in heaven, and Cassie’s pussy was tight like a vice. I remembered her saying she hadn’t had sex for over six months when we met, and I believed her now. It must have been almost a year.</p>
<p>Cassie didn’t let me do anything. She bounced up and down, pleasing herself. At one point, Cassie pulled her dress off and rode me naked. All I could do was knead her breasts and kiss her harder, enjoying everything Cassie was doing to me. Then she came. Her pussy gripped me so hard as she screamed into my mouth. That was enough to push me over, and my cock erupted inside. I grabbed her hips and pushed my cock as far as it would go. I could swear I could feel her cervix on the other end, and I blasted. Spray after spray of my hot white essence painted the insides of Cassie’s most perfect orifice.</p>
<p>I was in heaven and hornier than ever. My cock just blasted its biggest load yet and remained firm as a rock. I wanted to turn Cassie around and fuck her until she died, but she just slumped onto the seat next to me with closed eyes and a blissful expression on her face. I could understand that. It was the first real sex she had in what must have seemed like forever.</p>
<p>“What about me?“ I wanted to ask, painfully aware of my stone-hard state. Luckily, the problem resolved itself as Shay straddled me the same way and started to ride me. She had taken off her dress before, but I barely noticed, so fascinated I was with Cassie. It was the fulfilment of my dream. For some reason, Cassie chose me and brought me her best friend, a gorgeous angel as beautiful as her, only blonde. It was impossible to say which one was more attractive.</p>
<p>Shay rode me like a woman possessed through two of her orgasms before I came again. She even let me lift her up a bit as we kissed so I could pump my cock into her like a jackhammer. In the end, just like with Cassie, I grabbed her hips and pulled her towards me, stabbing her with my cock deep inside. One, two, three, I felt my cock hose her pussy with hot white sperm six times before my orgasm ended, and Shay collapsed on the other side.</p>
<p>It took girls twenty minutes to put their dresses on. They felt so out of it. Halfway to the room, I had to carry Cassie while Shay held onto me, walking barefoot and holding two pairs of shoes in her other hand.</p>
<p>The girls were exhausted and just collapsed on the bed. I had a hard time undressing them without damaging their dresses. I could still see some semen leaking out of them when I got into the shower and cleaned myself.</p>
<p>“I had sex with Cassie!“ That thought rang in my head. I had dreamed of it since we met, but we were not done yet. I didn’t want a hit-and-run. I wanted Cassie in my life. I was in love with the idea of loving her and her loving me back. Deep down inside, I wanted to have with Cassie what I had with Tara, only a bit more balanced. Tara lived for me; I was her only interest. I wished she would diversify a little for her own sake, but I failed to inspire her to do anything else. All Tara wanted to do was to fuck as often as she could. Since we started role-playing, even the lines have blurred. She got herself a fashionable lace choker with a tiny golden pendant in the symbol of a lock and a heart-shaped ruby at its centre to symbolise that she belonged to me forever. I found it sexy in bed but poor in taste. Then again, who was I to judge. Tara gave me her life.</p>
<p>I wanted Cassie to love me and stay with me forever, like a girlfriend or whatever people call their significant others. Still, I would never walk away or abandon the others. I wanted her on my terms, with all the smiles and all the baggage, and I would do anything to get her. Before I drifted away to Lala Land, it dawned on me why she brought Shay. In her own way, Cassie was showing me her own baggage and wanted me to understand that she also comes with a past. The two girls were obviously lovers. They kissed and fondled too many times for me to even suspect otherwise. The two came as a package. If I loved Cassie, I would have loved Shay as well, and I promised to spend more time with her and learn to love her as much as her best friend.</p>
<p>It was a strange dream, and in it, I was on the beach. Cassie was with me, and we were making love. We got married a day before, and it was our honeymoon. I lay with my back on the sand, and Cassie was giving me a blowjob. Her hair flew in the wind, blocking the sunset and making her look like an angel. I loved her then, but I was terribly aroused, wanting to ejaculate, feeling it almost there, but I couldn’t, so I pushed hard, and suddenly my eyes popped open, and I was awake.</p>
<p>The lips of the two girls were rubbing the sides of my erect member, and it twitched and started to ejaculate. Both of them began to lick the tip of my cock, feasting on the white semen spurting out. They kissed each other with my penis in the middle, feeding on my erupting essence.</p>
<p>Hands down, this was the best way to wake up. As my post-orgasmic haze cleared, I noticed the girls were clean and dried. They woke up early and realised I was out of it, so they took a shower and washed their hair before deciding to wake me up in the best way imaginable. I almost laughed, imagining Cassie seeing my erect cock and deciding to go for a snack. Something changed between us, and we crossed that line. I racked my brain and figured out that it might have been at the pool yesterday when I stuck the head of my cock into her pussy and filled her up with cum, then did the same to her best friend. Somehow, I marked them, claimed them, or maybe that was just my wishful thinking, and I just imagined.</p>
<p>I felt so lazy and good just stretching on the bed this way with two girls gently suckling on my cock, which finally deflated. I could live like this for the rest of my life, being loved and pampered by the two most beautiful women on the planet.</p>
<p>“Let’s go,“ Cassie whined for the third time before the girls grabbed my ankles and pulled me off the bed, then pushed me into the shower. When they saw me standing there, they squealed, put on shower caps so as not to wet their hair even more, then walked in with me, lathered, and scrubbed me clean like Tara did every day. I was getting spoiled.</p>
<p>When I got out and the girls dried me, I noticed they were already packed, ready and excited for the next stage of our trip. Salvatore must have already told them about everything before he suggested that I visit him, and the girls were bursting with excitement. They were like two impatient kids on a school trip to a candy factory. It made me think of old Salvatore Conti as Willy Wonka, but I felt like a pervert.</p>
<p>I looked at the clock, and it was only Nine. It was unfathomable to me how the girls woke up so early. I guessed anything is possible when properly motivated. We checked out in a hurry, and moments later, Lamin was around with the car, and we were on our way towards Genoa. We followed the coastal road of the Adriatic Sea through Arezano, Savona, Imperia, and Sanremo towards Nice in France.</p>
<p>Lamin pressed the gas a little to do better on the estimated three hours and twenty-five minutes, inspired by the girls‘ excited squeals of happiness. They were glued to the windows, pointing fingers at this and that. At that moment, I realized that the two were obsessed with beaches. All they could talk about was sand, cute bikinis, and ice cream, behaving like little children in grown-up bodies. It was a massive clue for me about how to keep them happy.</p>
<p>This is why Cassie never asked for anything. She wasn’t into money. In fact, I figured out that it put her off. She could have rich men open their wallets and have her take as much as she wanted. They would buy her dresses, jewellery, cars, apartments—anything she wanted. But that would make her, in her own words, a whore. All of it fitted nicely into one simple picture. Cassie liked me so much for whatever reason, but she was into the lifestyle. She wanted to live and experience a good life, not be paid for sexual services or feel obliged to say yes because someone gave her something of value. Cassie wanted to love and be cared for on her own terms, and she was clever but also naive. Perhaps that’s why she chose me. Around me, she felt safe.</p>
<p>I might have broken that trust when I filled her up with sperm, but it bonded us closer. The whole sexual pressure was gone. I marked her with my cum, and the line was crossed. Having sex with me after seemed like a natural step as she felt safe. I was still there, and nothing terrible happened. If anything, we just got closer. It took us a long time, but she worked out that she could trust me. It was a result of the long-term consistency of being honest and open with her without any pretence. In a world full of lies and men wanting to use her for their own purposes, she saw value in me, in my strength and weakness, and loved me for that.</p>
<p>Nothing could be more indicative of that than after two hours when the girls exhausted themselves. Both of them curled themselves up on the seat at the back, to either side of me, and kept their heads in my lap. They watched me with their big blue eyes as I stroked their hair, touched their faces, and rubbed my fingers on their lips. It was gentle and loving without a hint of sexuality in it. I just loved them and held them close and safe.</p>
<p>Cassie’s eyes teared at one moment, and I kissed her tears away. Then, I did the same to Shay. They took my hands and held them in theirs, rubbing my palms, kissing the back, letting me touch their faces, but not allowing me to move my hand away from theirs. It was one of the most intimate moments in my life, and if I was forced to choose between this and sex, I would choose this forever and ever. I could feel my heart go towards the two gorgeous ladies. At that moment, I loved them.</p>

</body>
</html>
