<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 28 - Primal urges</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 28 - Primal urges</h2>
<p>Cassie and Shay kissed and hugged me forever when we landed at Heathrow, finally breaking out in tears. This was the most emotional goodbye I ever experienced, and after the girls went their own way, everything changed again. It was back to where we started, as if the moment they left, they reset like the most perfect weekend of my life never happened, and I dreamt it all. If I texted them, I’d get nothing in response. It was doing my head in. I was obviously missing something.</p>
<p>At least Tara was ecstatic to see me. She kept herself aroused with all sorts of sex toys but swore she wouldn’t orgasm without me. This had a naturally predictable result. We had passionate sex for most of the day until both of us collapsed. I tied her up to the bed, spread-eagled, and used the Hitachi Magic Wand on her clit to make her cum at least two dozen times in between hate-fucking her every orifice, just like she loved. Tara loved it rough, and over time, I learned to appreciate the raw, unbridled power of hard sex and the intense orgasms when we’re trying to destroy each other with our own genitals.</p>
<p>I already missed two days of work before I got back to London. I called in on Monday morning from abroad and told human resources I was taking a sick day, then another, until I told them I’d take an entire week. I needed it to rest.</p>
<p>After a day of marathon hardcore fucking as Tara and I lay in bed sweaty and breathing heavily, she made me tell her about everything that happened, making me repeat the story about meeting with Salvatore twice. Only three hours drive from Milan, the car entered our destination: Monaco. The girls were animated again as we entered the city borders and couldn’t stop themselves from making a million little plans in their heads.</p>
<p>Monaco unfurled before us like a canvas painted with the finest strokes of beauty and opulence. It wasn’t just a city; it was an experience. The azure waves of the Mediterranean caressed its shores, with superyachts swaying gracefully, each one a testament to the grandeur that the city effortlessly exuded. Every corner held a story, a legacy of luxury intermingled with tradition, grand prix races, and glitz and glamour.</p>
<p>The Casino de Monte-Carlo, with its Belle Époque architecture, stood like a sentinel of old-world charm, leaving a distinct impression that life was played at its highest stakes here, in this small enclave of the rich and powerful.</p>
<p>Gardens adorned with tropical flora painted a verdant contrast to their urban counterparts, where one could get lost in thoughts or simply relish a quiet moment. The shops and haute couture boutiques each offered a slice of a dream, tangible and within grasp. Dining wasn’t just about food—it was an experience of flavours where the finest of wines met the most exquisite dishes, with each plate telling a story of culinary artistry.</p>
<p>Yet, beyond the lavishness was the city’s essence, its soul, so to speak, with narrow lanes echoing with laughter, the markets buzzing with life, the aromas, the languages, and the cosmopolitan blend that made Monaco more than just a destination, but a world in itself. I left as a casual visitor with a profound realisation that this place wasn’t just about wealth; it was about a life well-lived, experiences cherished, and moments celebrated.</p>
<p>Salvatore met us at an apartment block he owned right in the middle of the Monte Carlo. He took the girls and me to the penthouse, which had access to a private pool with a city view. The place was designed with light and great views in mind. Whoever furnished it was the king of class and style, blending modern minimalist Italian design with valuable artwork and classic highlights. It was the most opulent place I ever saw in my life, and I knew the girls agreed by the pitch of their excited squeals.</p>
<p>This is where we would stay, free of charge, as Salvatore’s guests. He had a massive villa a bit further out, which was quieter and had even better views. Salvatore invited me there while I left the girls with my credit card to go and explore. If I thought the apartment was luxurious, I was mistaken. His place looked like a modern castle, surrounded by stone walls and featuring an immense infinity pool that seemed to perfectly blend with the environment. It was exquisitely designed, only slightly less modern to accommodate all the artwork: paintings and statues, all made by grand artists I could easily recognise, worth millions, just sitting there for the very private enjoyment of one eccentric man.</p>
<p>When I reached out, The Society singled out Salvatore as the man I should meet, and they were right. The old man had more money than God but was ready to listen to my idea and plan. My time at the company has run out. I could see the writing on the wall, and I gave myself about six months or a year tops before I was handed the notice and shown the door.</p>
<p>The plan was simple. My company would get me to train my junior replacement, then make me redundant and send me off into the wild. I was getting paid too much and stepped on too many toes. After I made the bid for management, they cut me down and excised me like cancer, and just like that nasty disease, it would take some time to get rid of me, but I didn’t fool myself. It was terminal; there was no coming back from that.</p>
<p>I needed a better plan, and I had one, leading to only one answer. If I were to take another job, my personal investments would suffer. I would have to start making terrible compromises if I made less money. The plan involved starting my own business, and I needed a big favour and lots of cash for what I was looking at. This is where Salvatore came in. I was looking to enact a complicated arrangement. I needed someone to back me up and bring other investors to do the same so we all could profit from the business.</p>
<p>Salvatore was instrumental in my plans. He was shrewd, wise, and experienced, and he helped me flesh out the strategy and details. I knew my technology and my maths, but I was also smart enough to know what I didn’t know. I didn’t fool myself with an unsubstantiated ego that I could do what others could because I was intelligent. I saw plenty of smart people make stupid mistakes like that.</p>
<p>It took us the rest of the day to flesh out the skeleton of the plan, and then we joined the girls for dinner. They wore gorgeous matching Cavalli dresses that they bought on sale. Salvatore and I just drank our scotch and listened to the two chirping girls tell us about their day. It was evident this was the place the girls belonged in. They fit Monte Carlo like all the Ferraris and Bugattis, except they were more unique. It seemed to me that the most expensive supercars were as common in Monte Carlo as Ford was in America. In fact, if I parked that electric Hummer here, all eyes would be on it because it was something different.</p>
<p>Monte Carlo was an adult playground of money and excess, fast cars and well-dressed women, but few as rare as Cassie and Shay. I could only imagine everyone approaching the ladies as they walked around the place, looking for the discount dresses pursued by younger and better-looking men with enough money to buy the whole clothing chain, ending up rejected. It was a lesson in respect, and I just loved the girls more for that.</p>
<p>The girls loved the place, and we stayed two extra days to enjoy it. To Salvatore’s great satisfaction, he got to host a dinner for us at his house. Something told me that if I suggested it, the girls would be ready to drop everything, move into that penthouse apartment with me, and live happily ever after. It was that obvious. This was their happy place. Both girls found themselves there, not for the opulence but for the essence of the place.</p>
<p>Our first night there, we had our first real sex. I ate the girls’ pussies to a couple of orgasms to arouse them, then rode them hard and rough, just as Tara taught me, and both of them screamed. In the end, Tara was right, fucking was way better than just making love. Something changes when you pull your woman by her hair and fuck her into oblivion until she passes out from orgasmic overload. I even took an extra dose of the testosterone-boosting supplement. I doubled the dose of Arginine to jackhammer the two like a maniac until they fainted.</p>
<p>Everything seemed great until we got back to the UK. The last night in Monte Carlo, Cassie wanted me to eat her pussy like I did the first time. So, I did and made her cum so intensely her pussy exploded with piss all over the blankets. We embraced again, and she cried in my arms, kissing me passionately and expressing her love through her eyes. When she finally regained her composure, Cassie demanded I did the same to Shay, and an hour later, the three of us embraced each other, kissing and caressing, falling asleep in a tangled heap.</p>
<p>I took it personally when Cassie ghosted me again following our arrival in London, but I wasn’t upset; I was just maybe hurt a little and much more confused. Tara hugged me tightly, kissing my lips and stroking my hair.</p>
<p>“Everything will be okay, master,” she said. I believed her, even though she was nuts. Tara had a way of looking at the world that was just too difficult for me to imagine, and she was often right. Over time, I learned how to trust Tara and rely on her intuition.</p>
<p>This little break made me think hard about everything and modify my plans accordingly. Old Prussian military strategist Helmuth von Moltke the Elder said that no plan survives contact with the enemy. The same was true for all that I planned. I knew this well in advance and accounted for the change. It was the same argument behind agile software development methodology versus the waterfall approach. This was essentially why my company was stuck in politics, analysis paralysis, unclear leadership, and inertia.</p>
<p>I had to build a business that would sustain my lifestyle. After spending forty years living someone else’s dreams, I didn’t want to find myself a lonely contractor exchanging my knowledge for a pittance. Even if I was paid a significant sum of money, would I still be wasting my time, like a prostitute exchanging what was left of my life so I could pay bills? I didn’t like that picture. It was depressive, and I had to clear my head.</p>
<p>Tara packed my bag, and Lamin picked me up. Thirty minutes later, I was inside the sports club. I figured out that when I let go of the punching bag, my mind went to another place where I could think and concentrate. I was combating fears and insecurities. This had nothing to do with my job or my lifestyle. Even if I returned to work for someone, I would find a way. The weekend in Milan just confirmed that. So, what was the issue? I was just afraid. It was the last vestige of my old self, rising its ugly head from the darkness, telling me that I couldn’t, that I was not good enough, that I was a loser. It pissed me off, and I punched the bag again and again.</p>
<p>“Woah! Slow down a little,” Kris said, noticing I was going nuts. “You’re getting better. Come with me.” She led me back into the ring, and we started sparring as always. I wasn’t in the mood for this, annoyed with myself. I saw an opening and smacked Kris straight in her head so hard she actually took off from the ground by an inch, like in a cartoon, and collapsed on the floor. It took her a few minutes to get to her senses, then our eyes met, and she stared at me with surprise. I smiled, seeing she would be just fine.</p>
<p>“You lose your bet. Your ass is mine.” Her eyes popped open, realising she had made a promise that if I knocked her down, I get to fuck her any way I wanted. She started to say something, but I punched her again. “Next time, coach, and don’t wear your panties.”</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>I took a stroll instead of driving home, feeling better but still wanting fresh air. Now that the situation with my job had reached its irreparable stage, I felt annoyed and demotivated. What incentive did I have to do a good job training my replacement? They should have handled it more tactfully over time, offering me a carrot to keep me motivated. Instead, they practically threw me out into the cold and smiled. Of course, I was angry at all the games they played.</p>
<p>My plan was simple—to use all my sick days and accrued holidays. I still had over two months from all the overtime I put in last year, and I intended to use it to delay the inevitable while focusing on building my own business from scratch. It was the responsibility I never wanted—shaking hands and smiling, lying to customers. I detested that. All I wanted to do was to stay in my geek land, being the head of IT or CTO. I liked being close to the technology, but now they had forced my hand. This was the root cause of everything. I hated being cornered like this and forced to compromise. It was the bane of my life. I’d compromised my life away, one “yes“ at a time.</p>
<p>The worst part was that my ex-wife kept texting me all the time. My inbox was full of her threats and expletives. Just like I promised, I didn’t send her last month’s alimony payment. Sure, she could take me to court, and I would be punished, but the process would take months, and until then, she would be in a tough spot. The only play left for her was to be nice, but she didn’t see that yet. Instead, she doubled down, threatening to put me in prison, where I would be raped. The idiot didn’t realise that if I were in jail, she would get nothing either.</p>
<p>As soon as the divorce ended, I divested and didn’t own anything on paper. The only money I had was in savings accounts spread across three banks. I didn’t own a car or property. I could gamble all my savings away in a spin of a roulette or get so rich from a single number that none of this would ever matter. At least, that was my thinking at the time.</p>
<p>The guys at The Chamber and The Society had plenty of opportunities to check me out, and what did they find? I was a man living in a small rented apartment with a rented car, a job, and nothing to my name. Effectively, I was destitute, just one paycheque away from bankruptcy. Yet, the car had a driver, and I wore the most expensive tailor-made suits, walking around town with the kind of girls no money could buy.</p>
<p>It was a massive incongruence with only one viable explanation—I wasn’t who I projected to be, and my credit file was only a ruse. I was obviously someone loaded with cash, rich and smart enough to hide his wealth like a snake hides its legs. Only the most powerful people could do such a thorough job of hiding their money so well, so they naturally figured out I should be a member of their little club. They even bought into my honest story about being a loser IT guy, dumped by his wife, as a perfect cover, and they pretended to believe it. Secretly, however, they knew the truth. My body language was wrong for someone broken, and my voice carried the tone of authority. On top of that, I spoke upper English, choosing my words carefully from a vast vocabulary, which is a sign of a good upbringing, and I graduated from Cambridge. It all fit the lie they were willing to believe more than the simple truth that didn’t make sense to them.</p>
<p>Dan was teaching me how to play this game, but he limited his teachings to relationships and women. I instantly recognised the genius of what he taught and how it could scale to much more important areas of my life. Of course, the women were great, and I loved them. I learned as much from them, or even more than I learned from Dan, but all of it played a part in the whole picture. One couldn’t happen without the other. I couldn’t just pick and choose the knowledge I wanted. It came from sources interconnected with my own progress. I had to climb a level to learn from teachers there.</p>
<p>Now, at the end of the road, or its beginning, my kids were safe because Tina had no money for any crazy experimental treatments. The kids would suffer for a while, being yanked here and there, but Tina would have to quit the expensive private school with a radical gender curriculum and would be forced into a more affordable place, one that didn’t teach boys how to grow up as women.</p>
<p>I enabled that lunacy for too long because I was scared of Tina, but no more. A year ago, I believed she had me in a vice, but that’s what my ex-wife wanted me to believe. This is what she made me believe from the beginning, but I was done with that shit, and she was going insane. She called me again when she saw I would deliver on my threat, but it all went to voicemail. She even found my Instagram, but I didn’t let her inside. Tina was going crazy, and crazy people make mistakes. I was counting on that.</p>
<p>She had my offer, and I was suitable for it. A million pounds for full custody of my children. Tina didn’t believe that I would be able to deliver on it, but she never knew about the gold in my safety deposit box. There was just over a million pounds there, and I would give it to her for my children, but she wanted to play games. I hated it, but it was necessary for the sake of my kids.</p>
<p>This whole thing didn’t need to involve Lexi, but now it was too late. I had already paid fifty grand, and the wheels were set in motion. I called her the other day, and we met in a bar for a few minutes so I could tell her about the other Jim, the director of compliance at my company. He was the key to what she wanted, the “in” she was looking for that would eventually lead her to Diarmaid. I gave her everything on a USB stick and washed my hands of it. I did what I promised, and our arrangement was locked.</p>
<p>My phone rang, and I checked the caller. It was Amy. Instantly, my mood improved. She called me to say she returned to London last night and wondered if I had time to see her today. I was close to Leicester Square, so I suggested we go for dinner at the W Hotel in an hour, then head to our usual bar afterwards. Amy was bursting with excitement, unable to curb her enthusiasm.</p>
<p>The bartender was in the process of refilling my drink when he nodded to draw my attention to something behind me. I turned around, and there she was, wearing a frilly white lace mini-dress with a big smile on her pretty face. She had teeth, all of them, and they looked perfect.</p>
<p>Amy ran at me and hugged me so hard I thought my eyes would pop. Then she kissed me with so much force that I lost balance for a second and almost dropped to the floor. We sat down, and Amy looked at the bartender and gave him a big smile. I could see he was mesmerised. Never before had he seen a girl this beautiful smiling at him as if to brag about her two perfect rows of pearly whites.</p>
<p>Her straight blonde hair was parted in the middle, falling so far down that it covered her backside. She looked perfect, so young, sweet, and sensual, wearing light makeup perfectly. Even her nails were unique, coloured white with sharp pink tips and little cartoon characters drawn on them. But her perfect blue eyes captured my gaze like a seasoned seductress pretending to be a little girl again, or maybe it was just my imagination because of the girl’s baby face.</p>
<p>“Thank you, Jim. Thank you so much,” she kept saying, squeezing my hands.</p>
<p>“This was the best investment I ever made.” Amy kissed me again. “What is that?” I pointed at her lips, which were slightly fuller and perfectly shaped.</p>
<p>“They gave me lip filler for free,” she responded. I chuckled, thinking, I bet they did. She was one of the best clients for the cosmetic surgery clinic, specialising in dental reconstruction work. The concierge had recommended it, and they were right; the result was stunning, and their services were affordable.</p>
<p>The clinic agreed to give me a half-price discount if they could record the procedure for their promotional purposes. I could understand that. Amy was a cutie and gorgeous with a severe dental problem. You can’t easily find someone like that. Now, with her teeth fixed, she looked perfect, easily on par with any of my girls except Cassie and Shay, who were in a league of their own.</p>
<p>Amy apologised a million times for avoiding me for the last three months. She didn’t want me to see her the way she was during the process. I led her to the restaurant, and Amy proudly ordered a steak. With her new cubic zirconia teeth, she could chew through steel. While we waited, Amy told me everything, the entire story of the procedure.</p>
<p>On the day she arrived at the clinic, Amy went for a physical. The nurse took her blood and sent it to an onsite lab, and the following day, she returned for the procedure. The anaesthesiologists put Amy to sleep and kept her under while the dentists pulled out all her thirty-two teeth and prepared her jaw. It was a painful procedure, but Amy endured. During the rest of the week, the surgeons installed titanium rods into her mouth, after which her jaw was 3D scanned again, and a temporary prosthesis was made. This was the easy part, during which Amy had to remain on a strict liquid diet.</p>
<p>The hard part was waiting three months, flying away for a checkup and coming back until the doctors determined everything was perfect. That’s when the final part came. She went to the dentist’s office to have her new teeth installed. They were the best quality cubic zirconia teeth money could buy, engineered and made in their dental lab. The doctors gave Amy a perfect smile, and after the final day, everything was adjusted, and they said their goodbyes.</p>
<p>“Those were the longest three months of my life.” I leaned in, and we kissed. Amy stayed in touch through Instagram and regularly talked with my other girls. She and Tara would speak almost every day. I was glad both of them found someone to connect with on a deeper level.</p>
<p>Watching those new teeth in action was a pleasure as they masticated half a cow. I was willing to bet they could easily chew through bone, and they looked great. The only way one could guess Amy’s teeth weren’t natural was that they were perfect, absolutely fantastic, giving Amy the best smile on the planet.</p>
<p>“And you know what’s the best part? They can’t go bad,” she said. Amy was in love with her new teeth, and I couldn’t blame her. In her case, they represented a new lease on life. They opened the world to her and made her smile. I paid for the food and led Amy out, just around the corner, to our favourite place, the Casino bar with a view and all the intimate corners, except that Amy wanted to be seen this time. The waiter recognised us and nodded, bringing us our usual, and we sat and drank our cocktails.</p>
<p>It was like Amy never left. We resumed our friendship right where we left it with her in my arms, kissing and fondling like it was yesterday, except that Amy could not stop looking at herself. She had just arrived from Eastern Europe yesterday, and the first thing she wanted to do was meet me and show me her teeth, but she was still getting used to them.</p>
<p>“I’ve got something for you,” I said, handing over a little gift-wrapped package. Amy squealed and ripped through the paper to realise it was a brand new, top-of-the-range iPhone. She looked at me with a question in her eyes. Amy had a phone, but it was an old clunker that operated on coal and yoghurt instead of electricity.</p>
<p>“Now that you have your teeth sorted, you’ll realise how beautiful you are and probably go Instagram crazy like Rylee and Callie.” I saw a lightbulb turn on above her head, and she hugged me, kissed me, and squealed. I even managed to squeeze my hand in and massage her breast. Amy was thin, and her breasts were barely a handful, but a tit is a tit, and I was a boobies man.</p>
<p>“I want you,“ she sighed into my ear. There was no mistake. Amy was so turned on that she was shaking. I gave fifty pounds to the waiter for our drinks, turning a blind eye to an old pervert molesting an eighteen-year-old in dark corners, and we got out.</p>
<p>I led Amy back to the W hotel around the corner, checked us in, and then took an elevator to the WOW Suite. Amy had been waiting for this for a long time. She had been a virgin for too long and wanted to get laid. For months, Amy fantasised about it, sending me texts every time she masturbated. She even had Tara send her a collection of my dick pics to feed her fantasies, and now it was all going to come true, and Amy wouldn’t be a virgin anymore.</p>
<p>There was no nervousness, only endless horniness. Amy barely noticed the funky decor of the room I booked for her first sexual experience. I wanted to make her first time memorable, but I might as well have booked Motel Six instead, and she wouldn’t care. Amy wanted to fuck, and nothing else mattered.</p>
<p>No talk, no foreplay. The sex-starved blonde almost ripped off her dress, leaving just cute Hello Kitty panties and no bra. She didn’t need any. Amy’s breasts were small, barely budding, but her nipples were pink and erect, so sexy and succulent. I wanted to close my lips around them and lick them until I couldn’t feel my tongue anymore.</p>
<p>Amy studied me as my eyes were drawn to her pretty pussy. It looked so sexy and innocent, perfectly shaved with just a single pink line in the middle, glistening from her viscous juices. It was the first time I had seen a virgin pussy in my life, and I couldn’t control myself anymore. Amy’s eyes got wider as my cock turned into a flagpole. She knew that soon enough, I would be pushing it into her, pumping her with all my strength.</p>
<p>We embraced and kissed like two long-lost lovers reunited after winning against all odds in a great struggle of life. Together, we inched towards the bed, knelt on it until Amy fell on her back, and I kissed her neck, licked the goosebumps breaking out on her perfect alabaster skin, turning pink from arousal, then red. Amy was going insane from horniness, grinding her hips against the air, moaning like porn stars on the Hustler channel, and that’s even before I had a chance to taste her nipples.</p>
<p>I never saw anyone this aroused. Amy’s entire body looked like a plucked chicken. Her broken breath came through in waves, with a slight gurgling sound mixing with a deep purr or a growl. If I was in the African savannah and my eyes were tied, I would be worried for my life.</p>
<p>This way, instead, I felt the opposite. My rigid member pulsated in tune with her movements. Gone was the quiet man and all the restraints I could command just seconds ago, to be replaced by someone dying from thirst and hunger.</p>
<p>Like some carnivorous animal, I sank my teeth into Amy’s neck, and she moaned and whizzed through her nose, unable to get enough air. How does one inhale and squeal at the same time? It is strange the thoughts that popped into my mind out of nowhere, and always in the most inopportune moment.</p>
<p>Amy’s tongue waited for me as I came to bite her lip, and she pushed her tongue into my mouth to wrestle with mine. At that very moment, I noticed for the first time how much bigger I was than her, like some dominating presence overpowering a slim and fragile creature with gorgeous, deep blue eyes.</p>
<p>I always prided myself on being thoughtful and in control most of the time, but seeing Amy’s willing naked body calling to me stirred something primal within me. She was giving herself to me, offering her virginity, the most precious gift a woman could give a man, apart from a child.</p>
<p>All of us like to think we are creatures of reason and enlightenment, but how many times in our lives have we offered a willing virgin sacrifice, practically begging a man to rip her hymen asunder with his rigid member? There was something deeply bestial in the most primal of ways, programmed deeply inside a man’s amygdala that turns him into a caveman. I would be willing to bet that the value of a virgin wasn’t a social construct, and when we all lived in caves, men felt the same before feasting on fresh virgin flesh.</p>
<p>Amy gasped into my mouth, filling my hands, squeezing her breasts hard, and pinching her erect pink nipples protruding between my fingers in one passionate move that told her she was mine. All she could do was roll her eyes, opening her mouth wide to show the universe the most perfect pearly whites, stronger than even the hardest metal on the planet, pure carbon and titanium, made to last a lifetime.</p>
<p>She howled, feeling my lips closing around her nipple, and I couldn’t stop myself from biting it a little. Amy only hissed in response, sucking the air in, pushing her chest into my face, begging for more.</p>
<p>“Fuck me, please,” she begged, unable to control herself. Her final release was so near, yet miles away. Amy knew as well as I that this would be one moment she would remember all her life, albeit for different reasons. I wouldn’t let myself go before even having a taste. How often do things like this happen? If you are lucky once or twice in life, and for the rest of the men, nothing.</p>
<p>I slid down her body, tracing my path with my tongue between her breasts to her navel and further, slowing down to a torturous crawl as I reached her pubic bone. I could smell her now, so gentle, yet pungent, a pussy of a virgin, never been fucked before.</p>
<p>“Fee-fi-fo-fum, I smell the blood of a virgin cunt. Be she alive, or be she dead? I’ll fuck it hard until I’m dead.“ Amy started screaming and pounding the bed with her fists in laughter.</p>
<p>“You are an idiot,” she said, pulling me closer to her eyes. “I love you more than anything.” She embraced me, and we kissed again, more loving this time and less urgent. I didn’t want Amy to cum just yet, wishing to savour the moment for as long as it lasted. This was my first time as well, at least the first time with a virgin, and I wanted to make it special for both of us. Chances were, I would never be with another virgin again.</p>
<p>My little comic routine cooled things a little, and we started from scratch, fondling and kissing like before, only slower with more emotion and love, exploring each other’s bodies with taste, soaking in the moments, revelling in the pleasure.</p>
<p>I have often read the stories of women who remember their first experience as a disappointment. They were young and foolish, didn’t know what they were doing, and it was all over too quickly. There was nothing to savour or remember, just quick in and out, a jerk of pain, and then he rolled off her and fell asleep. I didn’t want to give Amy such an experience. She was too precious to me but still too young and inexperienced. It was my duty to make her first time as memorable as possible.</p>
<p>This time, as I went down, Amy ummed and aahed along the way, but she didn’t beg me or try to hurry me. She understood what I was doing, and she let me. I kissed her pubic bone, and her pussy opened like a blossoming pink rose. Her legs were spread far apart, and she gave me access to her most precious part: the untouched, unspoiled pussy of a teenage virgin. Just eighteen, but so wet and ready, so tasty. I had to swallow to stop myself from salivating.</p>
<p>Amy yelped a little, feeling my lips kiss her clit, and then she tensed, feeling my tongue probe her pussy a little. She tasted clean and virginal, for lack of a better word or comparison to anyone. Pussy is pussy, and if it is healthy and clean, all of them taste similar, but this one was special, at least in my mind. For the first time in my life, I tongued a pussy that had never been fucked before.</p>
<p>I didn’t try to make Amy cum, just feasted on her virginal pussy and asshole, licking, prodding, and exploring it with my tongue. Her hips danced and gyrated to the music only she could hear in her head, and she sang in the language of love through moans, hisses, and pants. The oldest song in life, the evergreen melody of the human species doing what they were designed for by the gods or nature.</p>
<p>My eyes opened, feeling Amy’s fingers going through my hair, and she pulled me up on top of her, and our eyes met. It was time. I could read endless love in Amy’s deep blue eyes. Her lips opened, releasing a tiny gasp as she felt the head of my cock hit her barrier. In and out, I moved, careful not to hurt her until she nodded a little, never losing contact with my eyes.</p>
<p>With one ruthlessly relentless stroke, I stabbed Amy with the length of my member, and she closed her eyes and squealed. I could feel her body tremble. It took me a few moments to realize that she came. I thought it would hurt, but she was right on the edge, and as I ripped through her maidenhead and punched her cervix with the tip of my cock, she orgasmed.</p>
<p>A strange thing happened. Instead of coming down from her excitement, Amy’s trembling only got stronger. I made a single stroke, and she screamed. Her body arched as she wrapped her arms and legs around me and trembled, fucking herself on my rigid member just by moving her hips like a woman possessed.</p>
<p>It was so beautiful, so terrible, so intense, I couldn’t control myself anymore, and I started to pump, in and out, like a beast as I reached the end of my self-control. Amy screamed as I jackhammered her pussy like a rapist, taking what was mine, careless whether it hurt or gave pleasure. The only thing that mattered was the terrible flood once the dam was broken.</p>
<p>Somewhere from the distance, I heard a scream, then another. Amy’s manicured, sharp nails dug into my back, but none connected with my consciousness. I just pistoned, jackhammered into her virgin pussy like I was trying to hurt her, punish her for some imaginary misdeeds, and I liked it.</p>
<p>I lost track of how long I punished her and didn’t care. The approaching thunder of a stampeding horse made me use the last of my strength, and I pumped even harder, thinking I would break Amy’s hip bone. The slaps of our bodies echoed like baseball bats hitting home runs, like a pistol going on and on until my toes curled. I almost felt sick in my stomach when my balls pulled into it. Then, the most violent, beautiful feeling washed over me, and my own screams joined Amy’s.</p>
<p>All I could hear was a high-pitched buzzing sound, feeling the veins in my forehead pumping blood, almost in concert with my cock erupting hot white magma of my balls, spraying Amy’s insides, bathing her ovaries with high-pressure sperm ejected as if from a hose. That’s when I collapsed on top of her, fighting for air, feeling the periodic twitching of my cock, pushing out just a little more sperm inside her, perhaps in case I didn’t seed her enough. I was convinced that I came a pint.</p>
<p>“I love you,“ she said, “I love you so much,“ as she wrapped her arms and legs around me again, making sure my cock stayed inside her, ensuring that she took all my sperm. Amy kissed my cheek and hugged me tighter, cooing and whispering sweet nothings into my ear. I couldn’t hear her or concentrate from the buzzing inside my head.</p>
<p>Biology is a bitch, and I wished to have paid more attention at school when, maybe a few minutes later, I felt my cock rise again, still connected, plugged into a perfect socket. It was Amy’s gyrating that encouraged it to new efforts and adventures. The night was young; in fact, it had just started, and I knew I would fuck her until she fainted.</p>
<p>Something deep, dark, and carnal awoke in me. I wanted to fuck Amy over and again. I wanted to seed her, fill her with my sperm, and fuck her until I broke her until she couldn’t take anymore. I wanted to fuck her so hard she wouldn’t be able to walk for days, just lay in bed and get fucked some more.</p>
<p>I didn’t know where all this was coming from. It must have been some sort of catharsis or a mental breakdown. Amy’s innocence pulled me in and made me want to fuck her, and fuck her some more, hear her screams, feel her trembles, and make her cum over and again until we broke the bed and exhausted every bit of energy.</p>
<p>“Fuck me, Jim. Please, fuck me.“ Amy’s words echoed in my head as I twisted her around, putting her on all fours, pulling her hair so she arched her back, and then I pumped and pumped like a rabbit on coke mixed with speed. It was the ecstasy of sexual debauchery, and jackhammered my cock in, pushing my thumb into Amy’s ass for leverage, then pumping.</p>
<p>Amy came and came, then came again. I lost track of how many times; who counted? None of it mattered but the moment and the two of us were locked in a dance forever, pushing each other to give more.</p>
<p>At one point, all I could hear was screams as Amy rolled from one orgasm to another. The bed was ruined with our body juices, blood, sweat, spit, tears, and piss. Somewhere along the line, Amy pissed herself. I barely noticed her pussy spraying all over as she came. I just pushed my cock in and out harder, stabbing her deeper with a brutal intent as her piss covered the lower half of the bed.</p>
<p>It was raw, bestial, thoughtless, and carnal, but neither Amy nor I cared. All that mattered in that given moment was another fix, another ounce of pleasure. All the rest, like the tiredness or the pain, were just superfluous inputs into our brains. We didn’t know what to do with them. They didn’t matter. Only endless pleasure and riding the orgasm waves.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>It was a cat-and-mouse game at work. Richard and I tried to organise several meetings, but somehow, things didn’t work out, and we never got around to discussing the following steps, such as the handover. He wasn’t a CTO yet, so he couldn’t put the weight of rank on me. He was too much of an ass-covering pussy to go back to Diarmaid and tell him how he was so incompetent to even organise a meeting with his subordinate. In some ways, it was funny, which is precisely the point I tried to make. Dick was a useless paper pusher with a penchant for sending long, disjointed emails attaching all his superiors to a thread when he bragged about something, taking the credit for things he didn’t understand.</p>
<p>Whenever Dick would plan something, I would take a sick day or find a way to subvert it by raising a priority one ticket and telling him I would need a few days to solve a problem. Dick hated me before, but after a month of the games, he loathed me and wanted to see me fired. That is the problem with having a corporate portal and having administrator-level access to all that. I could see calendars, even access everyone’s computer, install and remove software, or send laptops to be rebuilt, which always took at least three days with the IT department downstairs.</p>
<p>I needed time to scheme, plan, and execute, and I wanted to avoid getting fired before I was ready to leave. Everyone at the company played their games, and one could say I learned from the best. I just never joined them until now, despising the corporate politics, but the games they played made it necessary. The old me would bow down and meekly accept the verdict, doing nothing, not even lifting his hands to block a punch. Not so much the new me, the man who was still emerging. I still didn’t have the full vision of who I was, but I could clearly see the outline now, the colour and shadow.</p>
<p>Every day, Amy would join Lamin in my car to greet me at the office and pick me up. She had to drop out of university to fix her teeth, so she had nothing else to do. She thought I would enjoy having a gorgeous teenager waiting for me in my office lobby each day, and I did. The word took little time to spread, but what could anyone do with that? The people in my office started looking at me with raised eyebrows. There was no doubt in anyone’s mind Amy was not my daughter. She would run up to me as soon as she saw me clear the security barrier, jump into my arms, and give me a big kiss. Then, hand in hand, we would walk out into my Maybach with a driver waiting outside.</p>
<p>Something unusual was happening, and everyone in the office was aware. Since Amy started showing up, so did my colleagues, knocking on my office door, offering to go out for a meal together, and trying to make friends. Suddenly, I was Mr Popular, and everyone wanted to discover my secret.</p>
<p>I didn’t blow them off, but I chose the best engineers instead, mostly from our largest Indian delivery partner, and went out for drinks with them, joking and building friendships. I even had Amy join us a few times, and they stared at her like they’d seen a mirage. In front of everyone, she sat in my lap, cuddled with me, kissed my cheek, nudging me with her head movements to take her somewhere and fuck her till she couldn’t walk anymore. Some guys watching that even rubbed their eyes. It was right in front of them, but they still couldn’t believe it.</p>
<p>“How did you do this man?“ A technical architect from Chennai asked one day after he came into my office and sat on the other side. His family arranged a marriage for him, but he didn’t want it. After he saw me with Amy, his mind flipped. He wanted to have a girlfriend like that.</p>
<p>“Here, call this number. That’s how I got her.“ I passed a piece of paper with Dan’s contact details. The man held it like I’d just passed him the key to heaven. Perhaps, in some way, it was the equivalent. I wondered if he would be able to use it the same way.</p>
<p>With all this free time, all Amy did was wait for me and fantasise, sending me texts and naked pictures during my office time. My cock was up for most of the day. Amy liked sex so much that she was turning into a nymphomaniac. I wish I could say that it was all me, but for most of her puberty, Amy had to suppress her sexuality, desiring to be like other kids growing up, kissing and fondling each other, but even she was horrified each time she saw the reflection of her smile. All this over the years compounded, and after her first sexual experience, Amy blossomed. She wanted more; sex on tap. All her hormones suddenly found an outlet, and all Amy wanted to do was to fuck, fuck, and fuck. If it involved cumming, Amy was up for anything.</p>
<p>My life turned into a routine. Amy would meet me at my office, and we would go into a car. It took about forty-five minutes to get to a new restaurant each time, and Amy wouldn’t waste a minute. She would unclasp my belt and pull my trousers down, and then she would suck my cock till it was hard as steel while taking off her panties. As soon as my cock was happily mimicking a flagpole, she would straddle me and kiss me, riding me all the way to the restaurant, cumming as often as she could in that time.</p>
<p>Each time we ate in a new fancy place, my balls were empty, and my sperm was dripping out of her pussy, soaking her panties. She even started wearing menstrual pads to prevent her pussy from leaking out and ruining her dress. Amy always came prepared for sex. I loved this new assertive babe.</p>
<p>“I am proud of you, honey,“ I said once, and she hugged me tight, kissed me, and sniffed my neck. Amy loved to be cuddled.</p>
<p>“Thank you, Daddy,” she said. And I looked at her in a strange way. Her face got beet red, and her eyes teared up. It was a lapsus linguae, a Freudian slip. She didn’t want me to know all her fantasies. Amy grew up alone with her mother without a strong male role model and naturally developed some severe daddy issues.</p>
<p>“It’s okay, honey. Come, let’s talk about it.” It took some time and tears, but we got there in the end. Clear communication and honesty are two bedrocks of any relationship. Since Tara started with her sex slave nonsense, I studied up on it and an alternative lifestyle. I came to realise, putting nature versus nurture aside, that the same way someone gets to be gay, another person gets to be any range of sexual affinities, not just the big ones. It turns out Amy had what the alternative community called a full-blown DDLG, or Daddy’s Little Girl fetish. Over the years, as her sexual persona formed during the onslaught of her hormones brought on by puberty without a father, her fantasies shaped her this way. At least, that was my theory. It felt a little weird being called a “daddy,” but if she liked it, god bless her. I was happy playing up her fantasy if she wanted me to. It was the least I could do for someone I loved.</p>
<p>Amy cried her eyes out after our talk, and then she embraced it. She was ashamed of herself for so long that it became a part of her identity. With all that gone, Amy started to see another person in the mirror, someone I saw. This did the trick, and she blossomed. From a quiet introvert, she turned into a budding extrovert, unashamed and unapologetic. Who cares what the world says? The important thing was what Daddy thought. And that’s how I went from a weird guy to a pervert, embracing her game and enabling her fantasies.</p>
<p>From that day onward, Amy would call me “daddy,” just like Tara called me “master.” The two girls enjoyed their role plays, and I enabled them. Surely, somewhere, some psychologist would come up with all sorts of reasons why this was unhealthy and why the girls needed therapy so one day, they could become functioning members of society, waking up every morning, rushing to work, coming back home to clean and cook, then go to work. I could see how that would appeal to the broader masses. It went alongside everything we learned at school or watched on TV, our purveyor of the best programming. Who’d guess we’d all end up living inside a Kraftwerk clip.</p>
<p>After two weeks of meeting like this, I noticed Amy’s repeating wardrobe. She never asked me for anything, even chewing gum, let alone something to wear. It wasn’t necessary, but I thought I should get something out of her role-play. If Amy insisted on calling me a daddy, I get to at least dress her up the way no father should ever dress his daughter.</p>
<p>“Where are we going?“ Amy asked me one Friday as Lamin took a different route. I took her to SOHO and raided all clothing stores, including Ann Summers and Agent Provocateur. I went a little overboard with the fantasy, buying every cute bit of lingerie I could see, including nightgowns and teddies - anything that would look cute on her petite size-six frame. That was before we hit all the sex shops and got all the sexy uniforms I could find - the nurse, the schoolgirl, and the nun - anything she could wear. In hindsight, I should have asked Lamin to follow us with a wheelbarrow. These weren’t designer clothes, so a pound went a long way. I bought Amy at least a dozen high-heel platform shoes that strippers would be reluctant to wear. I had an entire theme - white, pink, gold, and silver - plus bright solid colours without patterns - yellow, red, orange - all with a perverted image in my mind of a cute, sexy faux-daughter.</p>
<p>Amy couldn’t believe all that. She held my hand and followed me with bulging eyes. Never before had she seen so many clothes, let alone owned them. In the end, I had to buy two large duffel bags so large I could fit Amy inside and fill them with everything we bought, but I could barely close them. Granted, most of it was the packaging, but it was still a lot.</p>
<p>We finished the shopping spree with Swarovski, where I bought her some sparkly jewellery. We ended up in the Mac cosmetics store, where I asked the consultant to choose everything Amy needed for a youthful baby girl appearance. Poor Lamin had to fetch the car twice so we could unload everything we bought. We looked like Romanian gipsies who had just arrived in London, about to set up camp in Hyde Park and take a swim in a fountain, like I had seen them do some time back.</p>
<p>As we were walking through the last adult store, Amy pulled my sleeve, pointing at the remote control vibrating panties with vaginal and clitoral inserts, asking me if this was what the girls in LA bought to torture Morgan. Apparently, Amy lived vicariously through my adventures. No wonder she was so oversexed. The girls must have recognised her horniness and exaggerated the tales of my sexual adventures.</p>
<p>“Would you like me to wear this for you, Daddy?“ She couldn’t bring herself to tell me she wanted them, so I bought four pairs, taught her how to charge them, and made her change them throughout the day so they never ran out of power, and I could buzz her at my whim at any time.</p>
<p>Amy didn’t let me sleep that night. I booked us a large corner room in the Hilton hotel, and we spent the next hour ripping through packaging and sorting clothes into five distinct piles before she told me to just sit on the bed and relax. She would do a little show for me and get my opinion. It felt a little disconnected to just sit there, so I took her phone and recorded her entire routine, stopping to take better pictures of some cuter combinations.</p>
<p>Three hours had passed by the time we were done. I was exhausted from capturing over a hundred videos and taking more than a thousand pictures of Amy in various poses, resembling a provocative virgin. It was the stark contrast that aroused me so intensely, causing my arousal to reach its peak. I had stopped taking my pro-testosterone pills and was currently on a tribulus terrestris cycle, yet my testosterone levels barely decreased. Additionally, the Arginine I consumed ensured a steady flow of blood to my genitals.</p>
<p>During her final outfit change, I reached my breaking point. I grabbed her hand and pulled off all her clothes. Amy giggled as she landed on the bed, her back against the mattress. I stood over her, lying on top, and we shared a passionate kiss.</p>
<p>“Please, fuck me, Daddy,“ she moaned seductively into my ear, her hand reaching for my erect member.</p>

</body>
</html>
