<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 29 - Here goes the neighbourhood</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 29 - Here goes the neighbourhood</h2>
<p>It was interesting to watch Amy change after our shopping spree. She would come to meet me at the office, each time wearing riskier outfits until she started dressing up like a jailbait on high platform heels, wearing clothes so thin, one would think a tiny gust of wind could blow them away.</p>
<p>Her mom complained about all the stuff she brought home, calling it whorish and inappropriate, but Amy paid no attention. She watched endless YouTube tutorials on makeup and started posting almost obscene pictures of daddy’s little girl wearing lingerie. Rylee and Callie have nearly two million followers now. They were milking the whole “celebrity crowd,“ and people subscribed.</p>
<p>I asked the Florida girls to help Amy out, and the two went through the whole library of photos she made, including the ones where she posed for me. They spent a week teaching Amy how to present herself, what to wear, pose, set up her light, organise her room, and everything else until they got the perfect hundred pictures on Instagram. That’s when the two girls gave her a shoutout, and the followers poured in like flies to shit. Amy’s Instagram gained over a hundred thousand followers only a week later. She followed only Rylee, Callie, and me.</p>
<p>The girls wanted me to be in the picture, so there were plenty of photos on Amy’s profile titled, “Daddy and me,“ taken in some luxurious setting, like the back of my Maybach with scantily clad, almost nude sexy girl with a perfect baby face and longest straight blonde hair, sitting on my lap. There was even one photo of Amy from behind, kneeling on the floor, doggie style, with her head in my lap and my hand pulling her hair. I was wearing my indigo suit and my expensive watch with my Vertu phone next to a cup of coffee. It was done perfectly like a fancy portrait, titled, “I am a good daughter.“ There was little doubt about what Amy was playing at, and hundreds of comments, mostly saying it was hot, but some were jealous and critical. That’s the social media thing; you can’t please everyone.</p>
<p>They say there is no bad publicity, and Amy’s Instagram exploded almost overnight, starting to attract an entirely different audience from the one the American girls had. I was surprised to see how many people were involved in the whole DDLG role play, not just men. Amy was smart. She combined this with the entire gamer girl image and cosplay. I even bought her a Nintendo Switch as a prop. Still, she got into the Legends of Zelda franchise and started streaming her gameplay to the fans.</p>
<p>“Are you wearing your special panties?“ I asked her one day, and her eyes widened. With all the commotion about social media, she had completely forgotten about them.</p>
<p>“I am sorry, daddy. I’ve been a bad girl. Maybe you should spank me, Daddy.“ She brought up spanking before. I had an impression it was one of her recent fantasies. Amy’s imagination was getting more and more explicit, and spanking was a recurring theme.</p>
<p>Over time, our sexual encounters also became more intense. We always left a royal mess after our dates in a hotel, but I tipped well, and the staff didn’t complain. Amy started to learn that she enjoyed rough sex, the kind where she had no control and could not escape like a poor prince taken by a brute. Neither of us wanted to say it, but Amy’s sexual tastes were evolving. She liked it when I would take complete control in the bedroom while she would act like a young, innocent virgin ravaged by a monster, like a big bad wolf in the forest.</p>
<p>Tara was to blame for filling Amy’s impressionable mind with stories of the most intense sexual experiences we had at home. Amy became immersed in the fantasy, so I took her hand and pulled her across my lap.</p>
<p>“Please, daddy; I’m so sorry. I promise I’ll be good next time,“ she pleaded. I lifted her frilly white mini skirt, only to discover she wasn’t wearing any panties.</p>
<p>“What is this?“ I asked with a mock, stern expression, and Amy explained that she had stopped wearing them a few days ago. It made it simpler for her to jump on top of me in a car or elsewhere and easier to stick my cock into her at a moment’s notice. The idea of a gust of wind lifting her skirt and accidentally exposing her privates to random onlookers aroused her. Amy was undoubtedly developing her unique sexual preferences along with her sexual appetite.</p>
<p>I lightly smacked her buttocks, which barely jiggled. It was to be expected from the perfectly shaped behind of a slim teenager. Her legs parted slightly, revealing her cute pink slit. A single drop of clear, viscous liquid trickled out, stretching into a thin line that touched the ground. She moaned and trembled. Amy was so turned on by a single smack that she almost orgasmed right on my lap.</p>
<p>Smack! I slapped her butt again, then watched the goosebumps pop out while her cheek turned a lovely shade of red. Smack! There goes another one. Amy’s legs parted, and with them her pussy flowered. It was wet and glistening.</p>
<p>“I want you to count your punishment and thank me.“</p>
<p>“Ouch! Yes, daddy. One, thank you, daddy. Two,“ I spanked Amy’s butt slowly, enjoying the way it looked so red and sexy. Her pussy was at full drool now, with her juices dripping on the floor. I rubbed my finger on them and brought them to my nose. Amy’s juices smelled so clean and tasty, almost edible. I took a lick, then another, and my cock instantly responded. I don’t know if pussy juice had some pheromones, but my little soldier sprang up to attention like meeting a general on a surprise inspection at the barracks.</p>
<p>Perhaps, it was all just in my head, but by the time Amy counted ten strokes, all I wanted was to spank her every day, then stick my cock into her beautiful pussy she kept virginal, just for me, until I broke her in. I never thought spanking someone would arouse me, certainly not this much. This girl was indeed mine. Amy developed a bit of an obsession with me, as I was guilty of encouraging that.</p>
<p>The slaps turned to pats, then into rubs as I slid my hand up and down her butt, caressing her moist pink orifice with the tips of my fingers. Amy sighed and bit her hand to stop herself from moaning too loud when I stuffed my thumb into her pussy and wiggled it around while using the rest of the fingers to rub her clit.</p>
<p>A little squeal escaped her lips, and I felt Amy tremble. Her thighs shook like someone with Parkinson’s disease for almost a minute as she came. I watched and felt her pussy contract and release, squeezing my thumb like a vice, and I thought, “Why not try something else?“</p>
<p>I pulled my thumb out and spat on her rosebud before wiggling it into her asshole and two of my fingers into her pussy underneath that.</p>
<p>“Ohhh, fuck, god,“ escaped Amy’s lips, feeling my fingers connect from inside her and rub against each other.</p>
<p>“Please, oh god, please, daddy. Please fuck me, daddy.“ My dick was made of stone, and I wanted to shove it into her so hard, but somehow I managed to find enough fortitude to restrain myself.</p>
<p>Amy and I played those games many times, and I learned the hard way that it was better to wait. If I just fucked her now, we’d both get our rocks off, have a nice meal and cuddle, but if I stoked the fire just a bit longer, Amy would turn into a monster. It was like in those fairy tales when a kissed frog turns into a handsome prince. When she crossed the threshold, Amy turned into an insatiable dragon on fire, hissing and growling.</p>
<p>I reached inside my coat side pocket where I had earlier placed two vibrating bullets. I took a silver one, switched it on, and rubbed it against Amy’s moist orifice. I spat one more time, right on her asshole, and rubbed the little buzzing thing right against it.</p>
<p>Her puckered rosebud contracted and released, losing the battle with the slippery intruder, but just like the taxes, it was inevitable, and at the right moment, I pushed it all the way inside.</p>
<p>Amy squealed and trembled, feeling the buzzing little thing vibrate inside her gut. I didn’t give her enough time to do anything else but squeal before I reached for the golden one, switched it on and shoved it inside her twitching pussy, and she screamed.</p>
<p>“Please, Daddy, no, please.” I slapped her ass again and made her keep them inside.</p>
<p>“Come on, we’re going for a walk,” I said, pulling her to her feet. Amy twitched as her knees buckled. Without giving her a chance to get to her senses, I pulled her out into the hallway, and just moments later, we were outside, walking on the street, arm in arm, with her bare butt barely hidden by her mini skirt. Amy’s face was flushed like a habitual drunk’s nose, in part from arousal and part from embarrassment.</p>
<p>“Please, daddy. I can’t! It is slipping out. Someone will see it.” I kissed her head and pulled her faster.</p>
<p>“You better keep it in, or everyone will know you’re not wearing panties.” That was her thing. Amy got turned on crazy from the idea of being caught naked and embarrassed. She was developing into a budding thrill seeker. This was enough for her fantasies to launch into overdrive. Her face got even more red, if that was possible, and she clenched her butt and carefully walked, squeezing my hand till her fingers turned white.</p>
<p>Amy loved the role plays, and I was good at reading the cues, not that she ever made any of them subtle. If there was one thing Amy wasn’t shy about asking for, it would be sex. Since our first time, it felt like something switched inside, and the shy blonde virgin turned into some kind of creature with sexual urges pushed into overdrive.</p>
<p>Maybe all of it was just a belated release of sexual tensions, all the repressed urges Amy kept under wraps because she was petrified of someone seeing her teeth. Not anymore, and after I fucked her into unconsciousness, that was it for Amy. I set the bar of what good sex was supposed to be, and every time we met, she tried to at least relive it, preferably top it.</p>
<p>Silly me, I wasn’t thinking about that. All I wanted to do was to give Amy a memorable first time. Perhaps I should be patting my back for a job well done, in fact, a little too well, because just like Dr Frankenstein, I created a monster. At least, mine was cute, with long blonde hair and an adorable baby face. What man in his right mind wouldn’t want a woman like that? Having a gorgeous teenager lusting after you all the time is a nice problem to have.</p>
<p>“Please, Daddy,” Amy begged. Her palms were sweaty, and so was her forehead. Her knees buckled occasionally, and she almost lost her balance several times, holding onto me like a limpet as we walked around town.</p>
<p>The desperation was palpable in Amy’s eyes. She wanted to cum so much but was afraid to for losing control, falling down on the street and twitching as her pussy ejected the intruding vibrating bullet.</p>
<p>“Please, please, I beg of you, Daddy, please. I’ll do anything; just take me home. “ I could see Amy had reached her limit, so I turned sideways and led her towards the hotel. I could see every step she made was a terrible torture for her. Her breath came in shallow pants, and her entire body trembled.</p>
<p>As soon as the elevator door closed behind us, Amy bit into my jacket and screamed. Her knees gave out, and she collapsed, bouncing wildly. Her pussy contracted so hard that it expelled the vibrating bullet, along with her urine, which hit the elevator wall. She howled through her teeth into her hand, and I smiled, watching her powerful orgasm. I knew this would be another fun night.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>Everything was fine for a while. The chaos of my life stabilised to manageable levels. I was focused on improving my skills, training my body and mind, and planning my business. I saw it many times: people with great ideas get so excited that they rush into a new venture without much thought, or any thought at all. Their most common defence to criticism is to argue analysis paralysis. One has to be brave and deal with problems as they come. Embrace the change!</p>
<p>There is a grey area between too much analysis and not enough. The key is to be crystal clear on what you want, work out and score the number of possible methods and strategies, then go deep and analyse the steps, evaluate and optimise them to the point that gives you the most likely outcome. This could then be mathematically modelled, a risk factor calculated and recorded, and mitigations identified and assessed. I had only one chance to make my plan work in the allotted time, and for that, many factors had to get just right. It required a lot of focus and attention, so I appreciated a quiet respite, knowing it wouldn’t last. It was the quiet before the winds and the waves, carrying saltwater and branches, threatened to blow away my fantasy house, like in the story of Three Little Pigs. I wanted to build mine out of stone and bricks, so I had to play smarter.</p>
<p>I could see the storm brewing on the horizon. Almost overnight, Amy became a new internet sensation. With the help of the American girls, hordes of people worldwide started to follow her, even tweeting her videos. She was a gorgeous, super sexy girl that every man could only imagine being with, and so they did. It was the combination of her cuteness and raw sexuality that created the dissonance. Amy was this perfect next-door angel you could see as a wife, posing in an implicitly sexual way. It worked, and everyone was interested. She was getting followers much faster than the girls back in the US.</p>
<p>Amy’s mother saw where this was heading and didn’t like it. At first, she would pass an occasional comment, but as Any’s popularity grew, so did the mother’s worry until it culminated in outright fights and arguments. During one such fight, Amy told her mom she wasn’t going back to the university. She insisted on making it as a social media influencer, already getting offers going into thousands of dollars for product placement.</p>
<p>When Amy discovered TikTok, everything took another dimension. All the hundreds of thousands of fans she made on Instagram followed her there, and the algorithm picked it up. Combined with YouTube shorts and Twitter, Amy exploded. All she did all day was learn makeup, stream games on Twitch, and fuck until she passed out.</p>
<p>It was all more or less manageable until the nature of Amy’s relationship with me came to light. She and her mom had a massive fight during which Amy fell into a trap and blurted out I was forty-two years old. If that wasn’t enough, Amy told her mom I was also dating other girls. That caused a shitstorm, and Amy called me in tears. I managed to calm her down, and for a few days, everything seemed fine, but then it escalated again.</p>
<p>Amy’s mom went into a rant about raising a whore who sleeps with her dad. Vile things were said on both sides, and the relationship deteriorated further.</p>
<p>“I need to see you, Jim,” she begged. What was I supposed to do? I just sent the car for her, and she came to my place. Tara wasn’t around. She was out shopping and running errands. I was planning to use some alone time to focus on my business plan, but first things first. I had my priorities straight.</p>
<p>“I like your place, Daddy,” Amy said, looking around. This was the first time I took her home. It was small, and Tara was always there, and I didn’t want to make Amy uncomfortable. Since we started having regular sex, Amy developed strong exhibitionist tendencies, and I didn’t want to add to it further. I knew Tara would try to join us in a threesome. She’s been fantasising about that since I told her about Amy’s first time. Still, Amy never showed any signs of being sexually attracted to women, so I avoided the entire issue by keeping the two girls separate.</p>
<p>“What are you working on?” Amy asked with a smile after finishing her inspection of my apartment. It was meticulous and practically sterile. I was naturally pedantic, but Tara took it to the next level. I saw her once using cotton buds to clean the dust from hard-to-reach places. She would even wash all the utensils, glasses, bowls, and plates if they remained unused. If I didn’t explicitly tell Tara to do something, she would find work for herself. She was happy to just be with me and make herself useful. I never caught her watching TV or lazing around. Tara always found something to do around the apartment. In some other life, she could have been so much more than a sex slave, but all my attempts to interest her to branch out have failed.</p>
<p>“Come, sit with me here,” I tapped my knee, and Amy plonked herself into my lap, wrapping her arm around my neck and curling up like a child. It was so loving and cute. In the end, who are we to judge? Amy was super smart behind the little girl’s facade. She watched me type and read what was on the computer, working out from my mind map, spreadsheets, and graphs what I was about to do, and gasped.</p>
<p>“What?” She just looked at me with her blue eyes. There was horniness as always, but now I noticed something I never saw before. It was awe. Amy was speechless, and her mind worked overtime. None of the girls ever saw me in my element, combining multiple streams of seemingly unrelated information, correlating data, coming up with numbers and probabilities, scoring and building a web of possible outcomes, and then mapping the most effective path. Nobody ever cared when I told them I was a MENSA member, but Amy understood it all. I made a mental note to get her IQ tested. I was willing to bet she was on a genius level.</p>
<p>I couldn’t concentrate. Amy got aroused after sniffing my neck for a while, moved her head up, and started chewing on my earlobe. I could feel goosebumps spreading on my neck and back as she did that. Amy and I were familiar with each other’s erogenous zones. Ears were one of mine. Whenever someone licked them, I was transported back to the moment Cassie did the same. I couldn’t help it; it just happened.</p>
<p>“Come here, you naughty little minx. Daddy’s got a sweet tooth tonight.“ I swiftly removed her dress, and she was completely naked, without a bra or panties. Amy had stopped wearing them a while back, and neither I nor anyone else could convince her otherwise.</p>
<p>I threw her onto the bed, and her legs spread wide open; her pussy was so pink and wet, so inviting. I took off my shirt and dropped my pants, then dove headfirst between her legs. I fucked Amy so many times, yet I had never had the opportunity to give her a thorough oral experience. Amy just wanted to fuck. She wanted to feel my cock thrusting inside her pussy like a maniac. This would turn her on, and she would cum like a train. Amy would always pull me up to kiss her or engage in something that would ultimately lead to her impaling herself on my cock. No matter how many times I tried, I couldn’t convince Amy to remain silent and let me eat her pussy until she went crazy and squirted like all the other girls. This time, I was determined to give it a try. Amy reached for my head with her hands, but I grabbed her wrists and held them while I lapped her teenage orifice.</p>
<p>“Mmm, Ahh,“ she started to moan and move her head from side to side, inhaling air like a vacuum cleaner and exhaling it like a leaf blower, building towards an orgasm. She was almost there; I could tell by the trembling of her thighs. Then she screamed, a genuine scream of fear and panic. I looked at her face and saw horror on it.</p>
<p>Instantly, I looked back and saw Tara standing behind me with an evil grin and a large knife in her hand, about to stab me in the back and kill us all. Amy was petrified, desperately trying to squirm away from the vicious murderer. Then I burst into laughter, and Tara’s expression changed, and she snickered.</p>
<p>It took Amy a few seconds to figure out what had happened. Then she got angry and started to scream and shout, cursing Tara before bursting into tears and crying out her fear.</p>
<p>“I will kill you all,“ Amy said after calming down. Of course, she had heard my shower story many times and laughed. It was one of her favourites, and she teased me relentlessly. Tara, of course, knew about it as the two were best friends online.</p>
<p>“Not so funny when it happens to you, is it?“ Amy grabbed a pillow and climbed on top of me, placing it on my face and attempting to suffocate me. She removed it after a few seconds to check if I was dead. When she saw the funny face I made with my tongue sticking out to the side, she burst into laughter and started kissing me all over.</p>
<p>“I love you so much, daddy.“</p>
<p>“We love you too,” Tara parried. I was convinced that there must have ben some special technique taught to fashion models how to undress quicker than a superman. When I last looked at Tara, she was fully clothed with a knife in her hands, and a split second later, she was kneeling naked on the bed next to us.</p>
<p>Amy swallowed, and she looked mesmerised, like someone staring into the eyes of a snake, when the two girls looked at each other. The two played it out so many times, teasing each other about having girl-on-girl sex, but I was sure Amy never thought it would happen. Surprise, surprise, there we were, the three of us in our birthday suits, right on my bed.</p>
<p>Like by some magic force of magnetism, the law of attraction at work, the two girls ended up in an embrace, wrestling their tongues, kneading each other’s breasts. There I was, lying beside them, ignored and forgotten for a moment.</p>
<p>“Ah, fuck it,“ I mumbled in mock disappointment that neither girl even acknowledged. It was kind of a funny situation but utterly mesmerising to watch as the two girls attacked each other with their soft hands and moist pink tongues. Careful not to disturb them and break the magic of the moment, I slid off the bed, went to the kitchen and made myself a cup of fresh coffee, then tiptoed back inside and nestled on my couch, watching the real-life nature program unfolding in front of my eyes. Screw cable TV when reality was much more exciting, in ultra-high definition, fully immersive.</p>
<p>Tara broke a kiss for a minute to savour the effect she had on a young blonde. Amy’s limbs moved all their own, slithering on fine linen. She was lost in her fantasy world, where every touch felt incredible. A moment later, Tara lowered herself on top of Amy again, sucking in her nipple and nursing on it. Amy groaned, tossing her head as sheer pleasure swept through her.</p>
<p>Even from where I sat, I could see the goosebumps spreading across Amy’s chest. Tara saw them as well, and her fingers dug into Amy’s breasts. The young blonde squealed from sudden rough treatment, and then she shuddered in the first lesbian orgasm she had.</p>
<p>This was the signal for Tara to continue, so she slid down, tracing her tongue over Amy’s torso, sucking in her skin, massaging it with her tongue, leaving little hickeys and bite marks as she travelled the highway of carnal pleasures.</p>
<p>Amy gasped like a drowning man surfacing for air when she felt Tara’s tongue connect with her pubic mound and her soft pink tongue push the tiny clitoral hood up so her lips could kiss and caress Amy’s throbbing pink nub of joy.</p>
<p>I felt a little insulted, watching the grimace of utter abandon on Amy’s face as Tara ate her, slurping her juices, feasting on the petals of the finest musky rose, feeding on her morning dew drops that trickled out like a bee or a hummingbird in slow motion, drinking its nectar.</p>
<p>Every time I started to do that, Amy would pull me up, wanting me to stuff her with my rigid cock and pound her until I turned her pelvis into dust. None of this happened with Tara. Amy was happy to writhe on the bed, gyrating her hips towards Tara’s tongue, letting her eat and drink off her essence.</p>
<p>This was the most erotic sight anyone could imagine. I wasn’t a stranger to two women making love, but there was something special between Tara and Amy. The two texted each other forever, flirting and teasing until it culminated. Amy was ripe for the fucking, and Tara was starved. Their meeting was instant, carnal and urgent.</p>
<p>My cock throbbed so hard that I could feel my blood flowing through the veins. I felt the constrictive pattern in my nose, like when you have a cold. It was almost dizzying. It was all I could do from jumping up and pulverising their pussies, fuck them into oblivion.</p>
<p>It’s so strange how strong sexual imagery takes control and any sense of lucidity from a man. I was more like a beast in that moment. World be damned, my entire being was focused on fucking those two on my bed so hard. I wanted to pull their hair and fuck them like a maniac, stuff them with my seed and make them drink it from each other.</p>
<p>“Please, please,” Amy begged, not specifying for what. Tara pulled her knee and rolled her over on all fours, spreading her legs wide and making her arch her back. She left me with a perfect view of Amy’s sopping wet pussy, dripping its viscous juices onto the bed, and her cute, wrinkled rosebud, just begging to be played with and penetrated.</p>
<p>Without any hesitation, Tara stuck her tongue deep into Amy’s asshole while pushing two fingers into her pussy from below and pumping it in and out, pushing it down to stretch her hole enough to insert three fingers in, then four.</p>
<p>I watched with bizarre fascination as Tara managed to stick her entire fist into Amy and pushed it in and out as Amy screamed into the pillow, biting it hard. She was drooling, snot running out of her nose, mixing with tears rolling down her cheeks. Amy was gone into the world of raw, terrible sex, where she was taken to another level by a nasty no-limit lesbian slut, still savouring the taste of her ass.</p>
<p>This was more than I could handle. I got up and grabbed Tara’s ass in my hands, then, in one powerful stabbing motion, stuck my cock into her pussy to the hilt. Tara only moaned, wet and aroused as much as her friend. I jackhammered her like a man possessed by some sex demon, with each of my thrusts translating through Tara’s arm into her hand that she punched inside Amy.</p>
<p>It didn’t take long for Amy to cum. Her legs trembled and shivered while her pussy contracted and squeezed around Tara’s wrist, pushing it out with great force until exploding like old faithful straight into Tara’s face.</p>
<p>Tara barely blinked, and her tongue went straight into Amy’s twitching asshole while I pumped as hard and fast as the laws of physics would allow. It was too much for the young, oversexed model. All my rough fucking made her toes curl. It was a telltale sign Tara was about to cum, so I focused all my effort and jackhammered her hungry maw faster.</p>
<p>Only a few seconds later, Tara’s entire body arched. She howled in rapture, grinding her pussy against my crotch. Her hands balled into fists, and she screamed at the same time as I came. Tara’s pussy spasmed around my pulsing member, firing spunk like bullets, spurt after spurt, one job after another, bathing her insides in boiling hot semen.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>Please, Daddy. I don’t want to,“ Amy whined when I said I wanted her to finish university. “I can’t go there every day. It is so boring. I want to stay with you.“ She had a good point. Nobody ever bothered testing Amy’s intelligence. She read all the books, and that was enough to pass all her tests with flying colours, and I knew what the real issue was. Her school experience was always horrible, with kids teasing her for her teeth and calling her a monster. I wasn’t fair, but nobody helped.</p>
<p>Amy was also right about being an influencer. She let me read through her messages, and after doing some off-the-top-of-my-head maths, I knew she could have quite a lucrative business for as long as it lasted. If she invested the money smartly, Amy could end up minted before the whole social network thing morphs into some new thing. She had a killer of a backstory, and with some investment and help, I was sure she could milk this thing for at least ten years or more.</p>
<p>“I have an alternative for you. Have you ever heard about the Open University?“ Amy looked at me and shrugged, so I explained it was an accredited online institution where she could earn a degree. Her mother would be proud and off her again, and she would get a piece of paper to stick on her wall in the end. It was a win-win. Most importantly, Amy could manage her own time, which meant she could come and visit as often as she liked.</p>
<p>Ever since her first lesbian experience, Amy’s sexual urges went into overdrive. She would come over at odd times, fool around with Tara, take a shower, then go with Lamin to meet me, get fucked on the back seat, followed by whatever we had planned for the evening. Another change was that Tara was willing to come out of the apartment more often and join us for dinner. It was a positive step forward, as Tara was a house mouse, an introvert who lived for me and left the apartment only when absolutely necessary. I blamed the fashion business, where she was expected to stay inside with other models and only got out for jobs and castings or run up to the store.</p>
<p>“It’s a deal,“ Amy said with a smile. We shook hands to seal it, then we fucked. The next day, when she confronted her mother, they had a talk, and everything was fine. Amy explained that she would get her degree but work at the same time, and when her mother asked, Amy lied to her, telling her that I was just a phase, someone older. She liked to teach her about sex, but she realised that she was lesbian. She even showed her the pictures of Tara and her kissing at the restaurant.</p>
<p>It was weird that her mom was so happy to hear that like it was a better thing that your daughter is homosexual than dating an older man. I didn’t get it; it made no sense. I was happy that Amy’s mother didn’t ask who took that picture.</p>
<p>After that day, Amy became an almost permanent fixture at my place, and it was starting to feel a little tight. I enjoyed her company, of course, but everyone needs personal space. It was different with Tara. I barely noticed her when I wanted to be alone, but Amy was explosive. She would laugh, giggle, plead, and beg. She wouldn’t give me ten minutes alone, constantly climbing into my lap or asking questions. As much as I loved her, Amy could sometimes be suffocating. It was understandable. She needed an outlet.</p>
<p>The answer presented itself purely by accident or my subconscious mind trying to solve the problem. I knew the three-bedroom corner apartment on my floor was open for rent since I moved in with no takers, and I knew why. It was an outright shit hole that smelled like someone died there. It had some furniture good for the bonfire. Nobody wanted to touch the place. I thought it would be perfect for Amy’s purposes.</p>
<p>Sometimes I chastised myself for being compulsively obsessive about a certain type of thing, but not this time. I was able to track down the phone number from over a year ago and gave the landlord a call. He was a pleasant enough guy in his sixties who lived with his wife in a cottage in Worcestershire. He inherited that place from his estranged uncle, paid all the inheritance tax, and ran out of cash.</p>
<p>“I would be happy to rent your apartment for this price ten years in advance, and after that time, we could calculate the total value invested minus amortised and agree on some sort of rent going forward.” It took the man a while to figure out what I was proposing. It was simple. I calculated his probability of renting the apartment out in the state it was in and how much money he could get for it. I halved the price and offered to pay him the rent ten years in advance.</p>
<p>The man was haemorrhaging cash from the loan he took against his house to pay the tax. Inheriting the apartment was a net loss for him. I just offered enough money to take his biggest worry away. He could repay the bank and live off his retirement, then after ten years, we could calculate the value of how much I invested to fix it and deduct it from future rent.</p>
<p>“Give me till tomorrow to get back to you. I must speak with my wife.” That was a yes. I met the wife, and she hated London and anything related to the apartment. This place cost her a couple of years of misery, having to pinch the pennies instead of living normally.</p>
<p>The next day, the man called me and accepted my terms. I already had a lawyer draft the contract, and by the end of the day, everything was signed, and I’d transferred the cash.</p>
<p>“Come with me,” I told Amy, leading her out of the apartment with Tara in tow. The owner asked a neighbour from the first floor to give me his spare keys. I opened the door, and voila! We were inside. “This place is yours to use any way you like.”</p>
<p>I didn’t have to explain, and Amy squealed. I watched the girls examine the apartment before Amy returned to me and burst into tears. It went like this for over an hour. I sat on the table, not wishing to touch other furniture. I was worried about mites and all sorts of other parasites. The place was dusty and filthy, a perfect breeding ground for AIDS, typhus, cholera, and the black death. I was convinced that if someone had survived a week in this place, that person would be immune to all the diseases on the planet. It was that nasty.</p>
<p>This got the girls‘ imaginations going. It was just a matter of focusing their attention on something they were passionate about. Amy was so enthused about making this a perfect place that she didn’t even notice her name was on the lease, not mine. My plan required reducing my footprint, and this was the way.</p>
<p>I gave the girls my credit card and contact details of the guys who did my apartment. I only insisted on replacing the existing door with the same one I had. It was literally bulletproof; not that much crime of such kind happens in London, but I was being anal-retentive. Security is only as good as its weakest link, and putting an armoured door at the entrance mitigates future mistakes, turning the entire apartment into one’s panic room if needed.</p>
<p>The work went on quickly. Nothing in the apartment was worth saving, and the workers could just come in and out without worrying about damaging something. In the first week alone, they removed the old doors and all the windows and replaced them with new ones. They scraped and sandblasted all the walls in a day and had them plastered and repainted. By the end of the week, new laminate flooring was laid down, and one bedroom was completed with a brand new Ikea king-size bed and all the related furniture.</p>
<p>Amy and Tara didn’t want to improvise. They asked Lamin to take them to the showroom, where they just picked the room they liked, removing the stuff that wasn’t needed, and the guys came and assembled it two days later in a place that smelled of fresh paint. Building on their success, the girls decided to do the same with the rest of the apartment. Instead of banging their heads and risking costly mistakes, they outsourced everything to the salespeople and made them responsible for delivering what they promised. The only custom thing was a bathroom, but the builders connected them with the specialist glass workers who sent them pictures. They just chose one, and the workers handled the rest.</p>
<p>Amy started moving all her stuff over as soon as the first bedroom was done. While once her mom threatened to throw her out, she now begged her not to go away, but both women needed some space. Amy was growing up fast and wanted to start living her life, and the opportunity of having a three-bedroom apartment in Westminster, all paid up for ten years in advance, was too good to miss.</p>
<p>I bought Amy a giant blue Stitch teddy bear over five feet tall as a moving-in present. She cried for an hour, hugging the plush toy, and dried her eyes with it. Instantly, it became her favourite thing, and hundreds of photos and videos flooded the internet of Amy dressed in an almost transparent white lace negligee or pink silk corset with matching gloves, pink bunny ears, and white fishnet stockings hugging the teddy bear.</p>
<p>“Congratulations,“ I said as I handed over my old pink MacBook Air to Amy. “You’ll need it for your studies.“ She chose to study Business Management with Marketing, a three-year bachelor’s degree course. I paid for all of it, and she was enrolled. Amy’s mom burst into tears when she told her, and then she laced it with the truth, telling her it was me who paid for it all.</p>
<p>Amy becoming a student again gave me an excuse to give her my pink computer and buy a brand new grey one, a more manly colour. Despite trying for the longest time, I couldn’t get used to the pink one. It was distracting, and Amy loved it. Two birds with one stone, but I did get used to working with Mac instead of the PC, as beneath it was Darwin, a Unix-based operating system modelled on BSD with a Mach microkernel. It crossed the gap between my inner geek, day-to-day use, and software development, especially after I installed Parallels to run Linux virtual machines to test my software in its natural environment.</p>
<p>While the move and apartment refurbishment were happening, Amy didn’t miss a single day, meeting me at my office. We had a routine that worked for us. Most days, Lamin would pick me up after work, and Amy would suck my cock and then ride me till we got home. That’s when Tara would take over. She would wash and dry me, then the three of us would go to bed and fuck till late. Then we’d kiss and cuddle for a while until we drifted away.</p>
<p>The girls were happy, and I was delighted. Everything had reached a sort of equilibrium again. I’ve been practising Dan’s lessons for almost three months now, recording some of the conversations and playing them back, finding the errors and fixing them over and over again, honing the art and craft of presence.</p>
<p>I was glad everything worked out this way, especially with Amy’s new place. She spent most of the nights sleeping with Tara and me anyway. Amy lived for sex and loved to cuddle. The time was coming for the next big step. My tickets were booked, and my bags were packed. This time, I will go to New York to meet Dan again.</p>

</body>
</html>
