<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 30 - Apples and Oranges</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 30 - Apples and Oranges</h2>
<p>Before I knew it, the plane was landing at JFK. It only took eight hours from London, not enough time to even get bored. Along the way, my head was in the clouds, quite literally and in a more figurative sense. I used the time to think and concentrate. There were still several significant risks I had to mitigate.</p>
<p>Just to annoy Dick, I finally accepted his meeting request for Friday, then put a holiday request into the system the very next moment, taking Thursday and Friday off as well as Monday and Tuesday, turning my trip into a mini holiday. All the girls wanted to come, but I promised them the next time. I needed a clear head and a bit of a break from endless sex. As much as I loved it, I had to admit. Amy and Tara were wearing me out, and combined with my vigorous exercise at the gym, two hours five times a week, I could rest. I don’t remember ever being in such good shape. Even my personal trainer, Kris, commented, shamelessly flirting with me every time I returned. I promised to fuck her and told her to wear no panties, but she never took action, being too busy with everything else. I made a mental note to fix it when I returned to the UK, but for now, my entire focus was on the long weekend.</p>
<p>The hotel sent a driver over. He was a talker, but I appreciated his efforts to teach me about New York, telling me what’s where and what’s what. I wanted to see the famous street sign that read “Welcome to the Bronx. Enter at your own risk.” I’ve never been to a war zone. The driver laughed when I said that. He grew up in the Bronx and still had family there.</p>
<p>“You are all right, man.” He said through laughter, finding it humorous, my comment about the war zone. The irony of the Western world playing the global policeman made it funny. The driver’s father was a veteran who got injured and sent back to the Bronx.</p>
<p>“You won’t find a sign like that even in Baghdad,” the driver said and laughed again. His dad used to crack jokes like that. In the end, he invited me for dinner at his family’s home to meet his sisters.</p>
<p>“They cook so good, you’ll never want to leave.” It was my turn to laugh. There was so much truth in that. I loved the good food almost as much as the good sex. I certainly changed since embarking on my self-discovery journey, and I learned the difference between food and good food, sex and good sex. Even Tara said I became a fantastic lover. She trained me perfectly on how to please women and fuck them hard from one orgasm to another till they passed out.</p>
<p>“You give a girl one of your oral orgasms, and she’ll become your sex slave,” she joked, obviously referring to her fantasy. I thought it would pass, and Tara would lose interest and move on to something else, but if anything, the whole “sex slave” thing became a part of her identity. Who am I to say how others should feel? I learned to live with it, and then I learned to enjoy it, just like with Amy, who now openly called me “daddy” in public, licking a lollipop in a way no girl should. It turned her on to be looked at by people, and she ensured there was always something to be seen.</p>
<p>It was late when I got to the hotel. I tipped the driver well, and he left me his card in case I needed a ride somewhere, and I promised to take him up on that. The hotel was nice, modern, and expensive, and the room was perfectly decorated as expected, with high thread count linen and a large, modern bath. I poured hot water into it, adding the complimentary bath salts, and then I lay there with my eyes closed. It’s been a while since I took a bath like that, even longer since I had it alone.</p>
<p>In my enthusiasm to build a better life, I built a better mousetrap for myself. I loved all my girls to death, but there was no way to go further than we were, and eventually, all this sex and excitement would turn into a rut and resentment. I had a cunning plan to fix that, and the girls won’t like it much, but they’ll see the wisdom in time. I was building a family, not a harem.</p>
<p>The messages flooded in as soon as I landed, and I spent some time lying naked on the bed, answering them. The girls told me they loved me, and I loved them. One could say I lived a charmed life, but all of it hinged on the success of my plan.</p>
<p>I woke up with a start, hearing the most annoying sound in the universe, the phone alarm. It was eight, and it felt like I hadn’t slept. A freezing shower fixed that, and as soon as I got my blood pumping again, I dressed up and went for breakfast. At ten sharp, I had an appointment with a lawyer, followed by meetings with an accountant and a few others.</p>
<p>It is the twenty-first century, and we live in a world that’s super connected. It was old-fashioned thinking to rent an office and then staff it. I contacted Regus Centre and had a deal with them to use any of their worldwide offices for my business needs. They were happy to take my money and assist me with everything, so I agreed my new office address would be in the Chrysler Building. They had better office spaces elsewhere, but nobody could miss the place; it had a ring to it.</p>
<p>Just in time, the lawyer arrived with his assistant, a twenty-five-year-old paralegal. He went through a bunch of documents with me. I signed where indicated by yellow sticky tape, and we were done. It only took an hour because he had emailed me all of this. Then, we shook hands.</p>
<p>“Thank you, sir. The company will be incorporated by the end of the day.” He did all the searches, and everything was ready; he was just waiting for my signature. I saw the accountant had arrived and asked the Regus assistant to make copies of the documents. Then, I spent a couple of hours going through the minute details of how I wanted to run the company. I read all the regulations in advance and had the lawyer draft a legal opinion for the more contentious ones. The accountant shook his head and harrumphed until we flushed out everything, and he went away.</p>
<p>I forgot how much I hated business meetings. Back in the office, I successfully avoided them. The key to a successful presentation is having all the answers, and the key to a successful meeting is to have all the right questions. Otherwise, it turns into a debate of opinions, concluding with, “I’ll get back to you on that. Can you please send me an email with the bullet points you want to be answered?” It would piss me off to no end. Why did we just spend two hours discussing all that if the conclusion is something I could have done in the first place through email.</p>
<p>Deep down inside, I abhorred the corporate life, the politics, the incompetence, the sheer magnitude of waste. Something that could be done in fifteen minutes often took days or weeks. It annoyed me when some people would send emails with over thirty recipients, and everyone had something irrelevant to add just to appear like they were doing something and not getting paid for sitting on their hands.</p>
<p>The worst of all was the Zoom meetings with management, where egomaniacs would send an invite to over a hundred people and always follow the same pattern: praise, criticise, motivate. It was moronic and transparent. If one calculated how much the contractors and delivery partners made as an hourly rate, then multiplied by a hundred participants for three hours of pointless meetings, you’d come to almost forty grand in costs each time a manager didn’t get laid at home, so he needed to have his ego stroked, worshipped by the people whose time sheets he signed.</p>
<p>I took a brief walk and went into a small diner for lunch. I wanted to try the famous pastrami sandwich. It wasn’t that great, so I paid and walked out, finding a nice Italian place with spaghetti and meatballs. It hit the spot. The food was top-notch, served by a waiter I saw arguing with someone in Italian. It was a good sign.</p>
<p>By the time I got back to the office, my next appointment had already arrived. It was a private investigator recommended by an acquaintance of The Society I met in Milan. Together we spent some time going through the bunch of documents he brought, looking into details. The man gave me a USB stick with all the data in CSV, so I loaded it into a spreadsheet to visualise it.</p>
<p>Back home, I made a program in Rust that would read the data and apply my own algorithm, and voila, in a second, it spat out several dozen numbers, which I then found on the printout the investigator brought and marked the items with a yellow highlighter.</p>
<p>“Can you please look into those numbers?” The man looked at me in wonder, perhaps trying to figure out how I did it so fast. It was easy, using some statistical modelling and a lot of mathematics. It was the same approach as predicting the stock market movements. Predicting the stock market movements is impossible, but doing a post-mortem analysis of the trades is easy and quite viable. I just applied similar principles to the vast sets of numbers I received, then correlated them with mine and found discrepancies.</p>
<p>We shook hands, and the man left. I sighed, exhausted, ready to call it a day, but I forced myself, so I called the driver to pick me up and take me to an excellent place for dinner. To my surprise, he took me to a grotty little restaurant somewhere, but after trying their food, all my worries abated. It was excellent, and I told that to the waiter.</p>
<p>“Where to, sir?” Godrell, the driver asked. I had eaten so well, but I felt sleepy from food and jet lag.</p>
<p>“I’m beat; just drive me back to the hotel.”</p>
<p>“Come on, man. You are in New York. You gotta go with the flow.” He was right. This was my old behaviour, slipping back into the comfortable instead of challenging myself.</p>
<p>“All right, then. Take me somewhere.” The man laughed.</p>
<p>“I know just the place.” Driving me around was good for business, but Godrell was a good man. He didn’t do it just for cash. It took us some forty minutes to arrive at a grotty little place.</p>
<p>“This is the best-kept secret in the city,” Goodell said, and I knocked on a heavy metal door that used to be green at one time, weathered and peeled, rusted in places, half covered with graffiti. A latch opened, and a large man in his late thirties looked out. I saw Godrell wave to him and give a thumbs up. More clanking ensued, but surprisingly, no squeaking as the door opened.</p>
<p>“You packing?” The man asked, and it took me a second to figure out he asked if I had a gun. It was a bit of a culture shock. He checked me out and pointed with his thumb to the back before sitting on a round tripod stool and losing interest, returning to his Angry Birds game. God bless the mobile entertainment.</p>
<p>The stairs were covered with an industrial-strength burgundy carpet, worn out but clean. They led to two sets of heavy cotton curtains at the mezzanine, then came down on the other side through another set of curtains. The wallpapers were made of cheap patterned burgundy fabric illuminated with wall-mounted iridescent lamps, giving the place a subdued, darkish feeling. For a moment, I thought I entered into some kind of a whorehouse.</p>
<p>There was a desk with a blonde woman in her mid-thirties and a bouncer wearing a black suit, shirt, and tie. It was a fashion faux pas, but he didn’t care. Neither would I if I was six-five and built like a brick house. Who’s going to risk his life to point it out to him?</p>
<p>“That’ll be five hundred.” This snapped me awake. Five hundred for what? I never heard of a strip club with a cover so high. For a split second, I thought about turning around. Still, my curiosity prevailed, “fuck it,” I thought, and pulled out my wallet, handing over a grand. I got the whole bunch of fives, tens, and twenties back, but no ones. “Plot thickens,” I thought, wondering why.</p>
<p>The bouncer pulled the curtain to the side. I passed through one set, then through the other, and entered a vast room similarly designed, with the same burgundy fabric wallpaper and brass chairs with soft burgundy round cushions and backrests on top. The tables were made of polished white marble with brass legs in the same style.</p>
<p>Next to the walls, furthest from the dance floor, were Victorian-style replica sofas and armchairs with golden ornaments and cushy burgundy seats, looking quite comfortable, made out of thick, raw, brushed velvet. Those were the VIP seats, but nobody sat there, so I decided to chance it and nestled in the shadows, almost completely disappearing from the view into darkness.</p>
<p>As soon as I sat down, a scantily clad waitress appeared with a smile. I ordered coffee, soda, and a cocktail so she wouldn’t have to come over twice. This was my timer. After finishing my drinks, I would call it a day.</p>
<p>As soon as I entered the place, the question about the cover price answered itself. The girls inside were top-notch gorgeous babes, the crème de la crème of adult entertainment. I didn’t know what to expect when I entered, but it soon became apparent from the posters that it was a strip club. When I paid five hundred bucks, I thought it was just another scam, but I was wrong. I prejudged the place from the looks of the entrance.</p>
<p>The girls working there were nothing less than stunning, on par with the models I saw in a Milan fashion show. They were tall, slim, and curvy in all the right places. It was evident that they spent every hour looking after themselves. Godrell somehow knew this was the place for a discerning gentleman. The hotel I stayed at was top-notch, so putting two and two together wasn’t much of a stretch.</p>
<p>A tall, blonde girl with large silicone breasts and long wavy hair walked up on a stage and started her routine. I timed it, and it went for several songs, lasting precisely fifteen minutes before she thanked the guests and collected all the fivers from the stage. It was a good pick; it was about two hundred bucks in just fifteen minutes. The blonde was followed by a brunette, then another blonde, fiery red, and another brunette. All the girls got down from the stage carrying about the same amount of cash.</p>
<p>Everything made sense. Despite its humble exterior, this was the place for discerning gentlemen. They kept the deadbeats out with the price, ensuring that anyone who entered had no problem burning through at least a grand for a night out. In return, they got the absolute best, the top-notch babes who were creaming it. They would have to work many times as hard in a regular strip club, collecting ones instead of fives and the competition. It was incredible how each business has its niche.</p>
<p>The girls came up and danced but never went around to offer anything to clients. Some men paid five hundred bucks to watch from afar and not be disturbed. This wasn’t your typical mass entertainment place with loud, rowdy guys and stag dues, a mixture of pretty girls and roadkill on the stage. This place catered to the rich and beautiful alike. If the guys wanted to chat with the girl, they would call her over, buy her a drink, and take her to a private room without any cameras in it. Whatever happened there remained a mystery to everyone.</p>
<p>Was all this legal? Who knew? Probably not. Everything’s legal; just don’t get caught. I thought they operated under that premise, and something told me that the affluent gentlemen frequenting the place didn’t like to be bothered by the pesky police. Besides, law enforcement had more important things to worry about in a city with an “enter at your own risk” sign.</p>
<p>I was about to finish my cocktail when a girl entered, and I stopped myself. All the guys near the podium were flabbergasted, unable to figure out what they were looking at. The dancer got onto the stage in her super high-heeled black leather boots, which only strippers and acrobats could wear. The girl was tall, about twenty years old, five-eleven without shoes, and incredibly pale, looking like Dracula’s bride.</p>
<p>She wore a skin-tight black mesh body with a deep V-cut going all the way down to her navel, exposing her large double dees. A darker cloth covered her crotch. Around her waist, the girl wore four thin black leather belts, one below another, creating an extreme hourglass shape like a corset several times too small.</p>
<p>The men looked at her, and few showed any interest. I could watch from afar her V-shaped jawline and surgically enhanced lips fitting in perfectly with her nose, big pale blue eyes like a pit bull with makeup that made her face look almost feline. The girl had straight black hair, black plastic plugs in her earlobes, a septum piercing, and two round piercings going through her nipples connected with a thin silver chain. On her enormous, round silicone breasts, it would look erotic if it weren’t for a set of demonic tattoos going down her arms like sleeves, connecting on her neck to form a picture of some sharp-toothed monster from the depths of hell. That is until you saw her back, which was entirely tattooed, and the sides of her outer things.</p>
<p>All the ink was black and expertly done, giving her smooth, pale skin even more contrast. The girl was perfectly engineered for maximum shock and awe but wasn’t to everyone’s taste. Her physical beauty pulled you in, but what she did with it pushed you away. It was that dichotomy that attracted me, and I watched her dance with curiosity as the other customers mostly avoided looking her way lest they be damned to hell or afflicted by some sort of curse.</p>
<p>As the girl got on the stage, she looked around, trying to ascertain who her customers were. She was disappointed, but her face revealed no surprise. The music started, and she wrapped her hands around the thick brass pole and looked around again in case she missed someone.</p>
<p>That’s when our eyes met, a tattooed dancer and a man whose face she couldn’t see, only my eyes that glistened from the darkness as the distorted light of the room reflected in them. It was as if the dark lord himself emerged from the shadows to watch the girl perform her seductive moves before he dragged her into the shadows, the netherworld he ruled supreme. He came for his snake, his queen, to pierce her neck with his teeth and feed on her life.</p>
<p>The girl danced with a smile, always looking my way, always seeking my eyes with her gaze. One piece after another, she took off her clothes, oiled her pierced tits and offered them to me. She squeezed and kneaded them, biting the chain between them to pull on her extended nipples and feel pain.</p>
<p>She sat down on the podium at the end with her legs open wide, looking obscene, giving me an offering of her willing flesh, the pink insides. The sexy dancer oiled her pussy and stuck an index finger from each hand inside, and pulled to show me her moist treasure cave. It was one of the most beautiful pussies I’ve ever seen, with perfectly formed outer lips and protruding willing clit. I expected it to be pierced as well, but I was wrong. Her pussy looked untouched, pristine, perfect.</p>
<p>I was finally able to exhale after the show ended. The other customers probably found the dancer weird and disturbing, but I found her mesmerising. Beyond all the gothic makeup, tattoos, leather, and chains, she was hands down the hottest girl in the place. She was stunning, a genetic gift to humankind, which she actively tried to hide and scare everyone with tattooed monsters. Most people try to emphasise their attractive bits, the hair, the eyes, the legs, or anything. This girl tried to hide them, creating something incredibly erotic for those who could understand her attitude.</p>
<p>She picked up some fifty dollars from the stage, a clear message to the patrons that she didn’t belong there but danced for me and not for them. Her eyes were locked on mine the entire time, and I dared to fantasise. I was aroused.</p>
<p>The waitress came over, noticing my empty glass, to ask me if I wanted something else. I paid my bill and tipped well, then took five hundred bucks and put it into her hands.</p>
<p>“Please give this to that tattooed girl that just danced.” She looked at me with saucer eyes. No customer ever blew so much cash on anyone at once. I watched her carry the money and hand it over. As they say, trust but verify. As soon as that happened, I got up and left the place. I didn’t want anything from the girl or anyone. I wasn’t trying to use her for a free dance or impress her with money. All the men did exactly that. There was no endgame in a strip club unless you were looking to pay about a thousand bucks with one of the girls for the night.</p>
<p>The car was already waiting outside, I got in and sighed, watching the driver’s big smile. He did well and showed me a great place. It was one of New York’s many secrets. I was pretty sure that even the residents never heard of this place, which made me wonder what else was hidden. Was there something like this in London? I was willing to bet there was, probably right under my nose.</p>
<p>“Back to the hotel, sir?” I nodded, and Godrell drove. I watched the lit streets and the windows of the city that never slept, only changing colours and masks from sunrise to sunset, constantly evolving and merging from one shape into another. It was the meat grinder that took people in and spat out hamburgers on the other side, a concrete jungle with its own predators and rules. The strong ones lived and thrived; the weak were swallowed and regurgitated.</p>
<p>I took a long bath, listening to the deafening silence. I missed the giggle of the girls and the companionship. This trip was a dipstick of sorts, a measure of how much I changed. My journey of self-discovery had only begun. I couldn’t believe it had only been six months since it started.</p>
<p>“Look at me now, a well-dressed and well-spoken man with a bunch of girls about to lose my job,” I said to the void and laughed. Life can be so strange sometimes. A loss could be a win, and a win might make you lose everything. The thoughts of the lottery ticket came into my head. I saw it clearly. That was the moment when everything changed for me. It was that silly thing, a proverbial snowflake, that started the avalanche. As they said in the NLP training, it’s not what it is but how you perceive it. The map inside your mind is not the territory.</p>
<p>I learned so much from Dan but also from the other people, from Jack and the girls, and from the world itself. People gravitate towards power. Subconsciously, we all lift our heads, looking for a leader, that one charismatic person who seemingly could perform miracles. It is those people who are remembered, Abraham Lincoln, Napoleon, and Robespierre. This is what made Alexander the Great, that inner power that made people follow them into death. I was willing to bet only a handful of presidents or world leaders were remembered. The songs were sung worldwide about Nelson Mandela and, for the others, nothing.</p>
<p>It came to me that the objective measure of the man is in his death. Not how he died, but who came to his funeral, like Tito, a virtual nobody from the country people wouldn’t be able to find on a map, yet the man in his single hand weighed the balance of east and west at one time. Everyone came to his funeral, the country stopped, and who’s who of the world’s political elite, foes and friends of each other queued to pay respect to a villager, a farmer who allegedly got Stalin killed, at least as far as the conspiracies went.</p>
<p>I never wanted to be a leader or fight for something. My mother and society taught me to shoot for mediocrity: go to school, get good grades, get a good job, get married, have kids, and retire; then, when you serve your sentence, you get to chill on your porch, spend your pension on medicine, and watch your children and grandchildren go through the same.</p>
<p>“It’s how you build generational wealth,” someone would say. “You sacrifice for your grandchildren.” I heard it all. Why is it then that there is such a thing as systemic poverty, and it is growing? Look at the tax system. If you’re in the upper bracket, they tax twenty per cent of the company you work for, and twenty per cent goes out of your pocket. Once you’re there, from what’s left, you spend twenty per cent on everything you buy as a value-added tax and eighty or more on gasoline. Plus, they hit you with council tax and stuff like that.</p>
<p>If people would bother to calculate, they would quickly figure out that for every pound they make, only about twenty-five pennies remain in their pocket. The rest is taken as tax by those who rule us. That’s why they talk about disposable income as a metric. The ones in power don’t want you to sit down and compare how disposable income relates to gross labour value because you would realise that the more basic the job you have, the closer it gets to zero. It means that if, at the end of the month, you are pinching pennies, you are a slave. It means you work for food and lodging.</p>
<p>They talk about the virtues of democracy, giving you no choice because all the parties are run by equally incompetent people who most likely have their fingers in someone’s pockets. The powerful abolished slavery because they found something better, like feudalism, where masters didn’t have to take responsibility for their workers. They took care of themselves. Translating this to the modern age, we could debate different forms of government, but the bottom line is always the same. The people working the most basic jobs were effectively slaves indentured to the banks and the monetary system because if they didn’t return tomorrow to break their backs, they wouldn’t have food, and the banks would take their homes, and then they would be on the street. We all knew there was no return from there, just the slow death and decay. That’s how they get everyone, through their children. You must keep quiet, bow your head, and remember your place, or you might lose your kids.</p>
<p>When I was young, I didn’t even think about that, let alone understand it. I was too blinded and programmed by years of education systems and the TV when I was older. They all sang the same tune, “It is what it is. You can’t change it, mate. Make your peace with it.” It seemed to me like a lifetime ago that I sang the same tune. I would passionately support and defend it, refusing to listen to someone exposing the bottom line. Most people don’t see it. So profoundly are we plugged into our own oppressive system that we stopped acting as individuals. We became the Borg, the collective.</p>
<p>Individualism was dead; long live the collective and perpetual fragmentation in ever-decreasing segments: the blue people, the orange people, the poor people, the rich people, the three thousand gender expressions, five thousand religions, a million belief systems, and eight billion brainwashed robots all listening to what they were told and believing every word like gospel.</p>
<p>It usually takes a massive shock to the system, a breakdown of sorts, to be honest with yourself, take a deep look at your life, and examine your core beliefs and values. For me, it was the divorce. It shook me to the core, broke me, mangled me, and spat me out on the street. I could admit it in the end; I had suicidal thoughts. I wanted to kill myself, but not anymore. In retrospect, that day when I got that lottery ticket, I did kill myself, but in a different way. I killed the old me, who walked through life like the rest of the zombies, and I started to think and evaluate, analyse and postulate, test my theories, learn, and adapt. I was my own man after the old me died.</p>
<p>I could see, interpret, and analyse each time I looked around. I could recognise the minute details, the lies people projected to hide their pain and their insecurities. I could almost feel them because not so long ago, I was one of them. I lived their lives, feared what they feared, and felt what they felt.</p>
<p>It takes strength to be awake, not woke like the horde of pissed-off abortions hopelessly plugged into the system, akin to an infection, a herpes of modern society popping its pus all over the internet as they are raping it. I mean really awake, alert, and thinking, using your brain objectively for your own benefit, not trying to convince the world to start believing what you believe.</p>
<p>I was alive, a living, breathing, and cogitating organism, observing, interacting, communicating, and surviving in its truest biological sense. I learned how to be honest with myself, celebrating my good parts and improving the parts where I failed.</p>
<p>The water got cold while my mind was away, thinking and scheming, making plans, and looking at the world with different eyes. It was that tattooed girl that got me this way. She reminded me of the contrast of who we are versus what we project to others. We all have our inner world where we keep our innermost secrets. Not even our parents, partners, or children know us like that, who we are inside, but something always bubbles to the surface through the cracks. It is unavoidable.</p>
<p>I took a shower to wash off the soap, dried with a fresh, scented towel, then put on my bathrobe and laid down on the soft bed with luxurious linen, thinking about the future. Dan was coming to meet me tomorrow, and I wanted to have a clear mind. He had a bad habit of loading me with knowledge my mind struggled to process. After each meeting with Dan, my life went upside down; everything changed. He was the catalyst that propelled me further, the springboard of what was to come. Each time, another me would emerge, stronger, more powerful, more centred, with a much better view of the world and how it worked.</p>
<p>In many ways, I surpassed even my own teacher. Dan was happy with who he was and the life he led. He didn’t want to live any more or less, just living his days and spreading his knowledge. Dan had his dream and was living it one day at a time, but he didn’t even bother to look at what he taught. For him, this was all about women. It is understandable, given the fact that he was crippled by a bullet, which destroyed a part of his brain. It happened when he was a teenager, and naturally, the most significant personal impact it had was on his relationship with women, so he tried and learned everything he could to get that fixed.</p>
<p>I wasn’t a teenager, and I wasn’t a spring chicken either, but a middle-aged man, established and settled with an ex-wife, two kids, and a life lived. Women were terrific, and I wanted to enjoy all of them. Still, Dan’s knowledge can be applied to any social situation, whether it is friendship or business.</p>
<p>After Amy started coming to my office, I made many friends. In their eyes, I became that man, the man’s man, the leader, and some of them would follow me to death. I was the Napoleon in the making, only with a much smaller complex, and I chose the colleagues I liked, enabled them, fostered our friendship, and built their trust. It was me and them, one of the million fractured segments based on shared experiences, a brotherhood of men.</p>
<p>I thanked Dan for all this. Every time my colleagues looked at me, they were in awe. Even when bosses spoke in their monthly egomaniacal exercises where they would huff and puff to get high on everyone’s feigned respect, a small group of some twenty-thirty men would look at me and smile. The man waving his hands in front of a projector was our boss, but I was their leader. They respected me professionally, and I earned that respect on a personal level, all thanks to Dan.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>It was one of those days. I slipped in the shower and almost hit my head. Later, at breakfast, I received a voicemail from Richard. He was upset with me for not cancelling the meeting when leaving for a holiday. I left him sitting in a meeting room for twenty minutes before someone told him I wouldn’t come to the office until Wednesday.</p>
<p>Dick was angry and sent an email, attaching the human resources and the directors as well. Unfortunately, in his anger, he used some terse words that could be misinterpreted. I immediately sent a response back to HR, telling them that I felt violated and threatened by his misogyny. The equity and diversity representative got involved straight away. I was given the rest of the week off to collect myself.</p>
<p>About a month ago, I had a private chat with Arthur, the president of our diversity group. We had an in-house LGBT+ group, similar to a union, that helped promote a safe working environment for at-risk minorities. I used everything I learned from Dan and practised to pitch an emotional story about my life—long-term abuse by my mother and abandonment by my father. I almost cried. In the end, Arthur helped me come out as a lesbian female born into the wrong body. For that reason, I changed my official pronoun to they-them in our corporate portal.</p>
<p>When Dick sent that email, it escalated across multiple threads, reaching all those groups. I wrote a personal email to Arthur, explaining to him how I was avoiding meeting with Richard because I felt sexually threatened. He was going to be my boss, but even before that, I was avoiding him because he made sexual advances on me, knowing somehow that I was a woman.</p>
<p>It was all a pile of nonsense, but everyone was legally required to objectively look into it. By the time I finished my breakfast, the emails were flying to all sides, and everyone got involved because I was alleging sexual harassment. I had enough of Dick and his nonsense. It was time for him to go away.</p>
<p>I knew that I was putting the last nail in my coffin by playing this way, but I had time. A few months equalled time and resources to start my business without thinking about cash flow issues. I hated corporate politics and playing those games, but it was necessary to protect my interests, and I learned from the best. My company was the veritable university for teaching subterfuge. Our managers were greased and lubricated, Teflon-coated, sloppy-shouldered, egomaniacal and dishonest.</p>
<p>A message arrived, and I finished my breakfast. I took two large mugs of coffee and went to the bar. I saw Dan sitting in the far corner beside an espresso and a water bottle. He waved to me, and I joined him, using all the body language and vocal skills he taught me. Dan smiled, greeting me as a friend more than a student. Something told me I had passed the test.</p>
<p>We had another big topic to cover. After the basic stuff like presentation and personality, it was time to delve into more advanced topics dealing with chemistry, attraction, and the things that make people tingle and feel like they’ve met someone extraordinary and unique.</p>
<p>Dan and I talked for hours. There were no exercises or tests there. Dan would explain the concept, and we would role-play. I instantly saw why he trained me this way—to build a solid base upon which he would put a whole other layer of skills. I finally understood why Dan was obsessed with using pyramids to explain everything. We went from the base to one level up, like in Maslow’s hierarchy of needs. We moved from the core operating model to actual social, emotional, and interpersonal skills.</p>
<p>We talked until lunchtime, talking about humour and physical touch, the visual, olfactory, and kinaesthetic modalities of deeper human interaction. We talked about feelings; we talked about love. Dan and I examined attraction from multiple angles: how it happens, how it works, how people interact with each other, and why some people like you and others do not.</p>
<p>I needed a break after that, so we had a long lunch with a three-course meal. During this time, I used the time to ask Dan about his life and future plans and lay out my thoughts and problems. It was Cassie again, but also her best friend, Shay. They were driving me insane.</p>
<p>“Is it me?” I asked, knowing it wasn’t. I did everything right, but why?</p>
<p>“It is them, Jim. Those are nines and tens.” He was obviously using the M-scale to statistically classify them.</p>
<p>“Let me tell you a story, Jim. I sat in a coffee shop arguing about beauty versus character with a friend. Behind us sat a middle-aged guy who only smiled.” The man behind Dan eventually interrupted and told him he had twin daughters.</p>
<p>The two girls were nothing alike. Even at the earliest age, one was beautiful, and the other was average. One was an eight, and another a five. The man and his family loved them equally and gave them the same gifts and the same opportunities. The average one learned how to be enterprising. She went from one person to another, learned how to manipulate them and lined up all the ducks in a row. She was intelligent and cunning, using everything she had to move all the chess pieces and stack the cards.</p>
<p>The other beautiful one was equally smart, but she was a quiet type. All she had to do was look at someone and bat her eyelashes, and everyone would give her anything she wanted. This continued through kindergarten, primary education, high school, and even university. The enterprising girl learned how to get her way by manipulating the system and knowing what she needed. She was seen as capable and smart, while the beautiful one got whatever she wanted just by asking for it.</p>
<p>After their puberty, the real difference started to hit. There was no shortage of boys knocking on the doors of the pretty twin. Not so much for the average one. She found an intelligent boyfriend and stuck to him. The pretty one fell in love with the most popular guy at school, and he hurt her feelings. Since then, the pretty daughter has become untouchable. She would only trust those she loved and use the men to get whatever she wanted because none of them offered her love. The girl saw them as being dishonest and only after her charms. She kept putting up walls behind walls until only the facade was left.</p>
<p>“See, Jim, this is what the hooker game is about. Finding the cracks through that facade, layer after layer, until you speak to that child inside and make her fall in love again.” That was it; it made sense. That’s why Cassie constantly reset. She liked me and let me do all those things for some reason, but she would drift off and reset each time. The walls would go up, and she was gone.</p>
<p>“How do I make it work? How do I make it permanent?” Dan laughed like a cat that caught a mouse.</p>
<p>“Here comes the sales pitch,” he said, explaining that it was a rare skill seldom taught. “Most of my students are happy with sixes and sevens. Those are gorgeous girls way above their league. To go eight and above, you need a different skill set. Normal strategies don’t work on girls like that.” This was obvious to me from the start. Whatever I tried with Cassie worked only if she allowed it, and she was always the one with the upper hand. She knew I would do anything for her but asked for nothing.</p>
<p>The story about the two sisters made me think and understand. Dan’s point was about divergence at the earliest age. That girl didn’t get pretty overnight and suddenly wise up to the world around her. She was born this way, and every atom of her life supported that identity. It was who she was.</p>
<p>As Dan told me the story, I imagined two girls doing something naughty but only one getting punished. “Don’t hurt her; she is so fragile,” a mother would say to a father about to dish out some discipline.</p>
<p>“Beauty is a curse, really, not a gift,” Dan said, and it made so much sense. The average sister had to learn and adapt, challenge herself and overcome obstacles, grow, fight, and win a battle at a time. The pretty one just had to ask for something, and it would be given to her. “I’d like an A on this math test,” and the teacher would smile, even when there was no chance of anything sexually happening. The girl was so sweet and beautiful, so mesmerising.</p>
<p>If she wanted a job, she just had to apply. Out of a row of secretaries, she was the one chosen, again not for sex, but just to look pretty when someone comes to visit the director at the office. The pretty girl never had to buy a drink or pay for food. She never had to worry about clothes; they were thrown at her purely for the pleasure of men being around someone like that. They would send her flowers and buy jewellery to go out with them and hold their arm at a business meeting.</p>
<p>On the other side, if you think and analyse, the beautiful girl would grow up with a distorted sense of self, as well as the world around her where everyone and anything tries to fuck her. Eventually, she would have to understand that she is seen as only the pretty costume she wore. Nobody cared what was inside, her thoughts, dreams, pleasure, or pain. As long as she smiled and allowed herself to be fucked, she could have anything she wanted, a charmed life. Nobody cared about her because she was constantly objectified.</p>
<p>It hit me so hard. I finally understood why Cassie acted like that and why she reset. She allowed herself to like me for some reason, and then her cautious persona asserted itself, and I was just another man after her goodies. She knew why she liked me, but I never told her why I liked her, apart from being like another guy and telling her how beautiful she was.</p>
<p>When I considered it and applied the M-scale to rate the pure genetic beauty of women, not just personal taste but measurable qualities like facial symmetry, bone structure, skin health, and so on, I could come up with a progressive formula. It would be easy to say that the difference between two numbers could be expressed as X squared, the perceived M-scale number. This would mean the difference between two grades would be exponential when charted instead of a linear scale.</p>
<p>Looking at it this way, the curve shoots up quickly but also visualises the vast difference between two levels of beauty. It is the rarity of genetic purity, or genetic perfection, as defined through time and art by analysing what is perfect and beautiful in a biological sense. This is what M-scale focused on, the rarity of the find rather than personal preferences. Some people like blondes, others brunettes, some like petite women, others the chubbier ones. That’s the same as comparing vanilla and chocolate when eating ice cream. Still, that kind of comparison can’t be applied to women because there is no shortage of chocolate ice cream, but there is genetic perfection.</p>
<p>If I looked at my Cassie problem this way, it would be easy to understand why nothing worked for her, and I couldn’t connect with her like I did with my other women. Her rarity mapped out on a chart would visualise the level of shit she had to deal with since she was born. She didn’t have the same life or upbringing as the other girls, and because she was so gorgeous, the sheer volume of everything that happened vastly surpassed the others.</p>
<p>While other girls would get approached by men five, six, or seven times a day, Cassie could knock that number down in an hour. She had men offering anything to her in checkout lines, in elevators and planes, and everywhere she looked, some guy was ready to pounce, so she built a wall, then built another. If one could say that an average girl was a bicycle, and a pretty girl was a motorcycle in terms of durability and resistance, a really hot girl would be a car, and Cassie was an Abrams tank.</p>
<p>Dan smiled, watching my eyes go big, and my mind switched into overdrive. I got it all figured out. Suddenly, I wanted that skill more than I wanted anything in the world.</p>
<p>“I need a hooker game!”</p>
<p>“Are you sure? It will change everything.” I didn’t care. I nodded and said yes a dozen times until Dan agreed to hook me up with someone.</p>
<p>“It changed me,” he said with a faraway, almost melancholic look in his eyes. In many ways, Dan and I were similar. Both of us pushed the envelope and wanted the answers, but in my case, it was simpler. I only wanted Cassie and Shay, perhaps.</p>
<p>We ordered another round, sat back down on plush sofas in the hotel bar, and continued our talk. Dan still had a lot to teach me about skills for building attraction and connection. It was much more profound than mere rapport, going into developing imagination and passing it on, sucking people into your fantasy world and getting them to invest in your premise.</p>
<p>Dan was teaching me the skills to become a cult leader, a holy man people look up to, or Don Juan if I wanted that. Imagination was the key to bringing people in, having their pupils dilate and their eyes glaze as they listened to the stories you told them, almost hypnotised.</p>
<p>Those were complicated concepts to master, and it took hours to practice them. Dan taught me until he was satisfied I got them. The rest was up to me, the hard work and practice wherever I went. The foundational skills made me the man, but this was getting into god territory. He was teaching me how to become irresistible.</p>
<p>“Many well-presented men don’t realise how much women like them from the start and mess it all up when they open their mouth.” I understood it perfectly. If you approach someone and they talk to you, the hook is in, and you can only make mistakes from there by saying the wrong things, getting too cocky or excited. This energy Dan was talking about had to feel organic. In ten minutes, the person you talk to should feel that you were best friends for decades. He was talking about a natural connection that could be engineered.</p>
<p>“Do you teach all your students that?” I asked, and Dan laughed.</p>
<p>“Most of my students struggle with the basics. They come to a workshop or seminar. Some get better, others not.” It made sense. I was committed to the change and understood that all of it was up to me. Dan could only show me how, but I had to walk it. There was no silver bullet. This was the same situation with dieting. Fat people sign up for a gym and manage their food intake for a few days or weeks, then give up. There is a birthday or some other event, and they stuff their mouths or are too lazy to go and exercise, saying things like, “It’s raining outside.”</p>
<p>Any excuse is good enough to justify ultimate failure. Then, people say how the Atkins diet failed, and the whole Keto diet is a fad, how gyms only build muscles but burn no fat. The truth is simple, there is no gain without pain. I had a clear vision of what I wanted now. Cassie was the stopping point. I didn’t need or want anything else if I could get her to love me back even after her reset.</p>

</body>
</html>
