<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 31 - Shadows of Broadway</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 31 - Shadows of Broadway</h2>
<p>I had too much information swirling in my head—what I learned from Dan and what I gathered. All of it converged into a swirling vortex of ideas and possibilities. Dan gave me a set of assignments to work on projecting sexual energy, charisma, and charm; the magic of imagination materialised through stories, through touch, smell, and taste, to capture them in fantasy and lead them through the world I created uniquely for them.</p>
<p>The night was mild, and the sky was clear as I got out of the hotel for a walk. I needed some air to cool my head and calm my senses, to find my bearings and organise the unsorted, seemingly random volumes of disjointed information connected by mere threads.</p>
<p>Without a plan or a purpose, I turned right, left, and right again. I got lost in the city, but I was going nowhere. So much for people telling me it was dangerous out there. Fear is a great motivator for making people stay at home, not make friends or question the authorities. Fear always worked on the masses.</p>
<p>I lost track of time, enjoying the warm night, counting the stars until the scenery changed, and I realised I walked too far. Unwilling to call it a night, I called an Uber, and the car picked me up. Some twenty minutes later, I was at the address of the strip club from the last night, and I thought I should go there and see the girls dance. It was an easy way to practice what I learned and work on Dan’s assignment. I was too excited to sleep the night anyway, thinking about Cassie and learning about the hooker game.</p>
<p>The doorman recognised me and let me in. The place was almost deserted this time, with only two other guests and me. It was clearly a slow night with the girls climbing the podium with no heart in it to pole dance. With only a couple of guys watching, they were wasting their time, but the club rules were such that they had to dance regardless.</p>
<p>The first was a gorgeous blonde in her early twenties with long, wavy hair covering half her back. She danced and rubbed her perfect apple-sized boobies against the brass pole, shifted her position, and started rolling on the floor, spreading her legs wide, allowing the customers to take fives, crumple them into little balls, and throw them at her pussy for a money shot. It was the top of the hill of objectification, especially where she crawled on the floor, picking up a measly fifty bucks before the music changed, and the brunette took to the stage.</p>
<p>The blonde glanced my way, and I smiled, raising a champagne flute. She got the message and approached me after putting her clothes back on. I wanted to practice everything I learned and get live feedback from the most challenging of the opponents. If my goal was to understand the hooker game, what’s the point of even practising on others.</p>
<p>Dan explained that the name of the game was an unfortunate accident that started as a joke with a shock value. It was a set of skills that worked on intensely attractive women, those who used their bodies to get what they wanted, just like that second, pretty twin sister from Dan’s story, the models, the strippers, the actresses, the dancers, and all the women who attracted an enormous amount of attention from the opposite sex, even the bartenders. Because of their constant and vast exposure to men proposing all sorts of schemes just to get into their pants, the standard approaches didn’t work for them. I didn’t know how to talk to such women, but I would practice what I learned about them and see what happens. The purpose was to hone my skills and gain valuable insight instead of getting laid.</p>
<p>“Hi, I’m Megan,“ the blonde extended her hand with a big practised smile. It promised everything, but it was fake.</p>
<p>“Jim,“ we shook hands. “Come join me for a drink.“ I pushed a champagne flute to her and poured. We clinked glasses and measured each other like two chess grandmasters deciding our strategies.</p>
<p>“Where are you from?“ Megan asked. Giuoco Piano, a white pawn to E4, she was going for the Italian game.</p>
<p>“You have a gorgeous pussy.“ I accepted the terms. Black knight to F4, starting my Sicilian defence. Conversation is like a game of chess. Following her line of practised questions would lead us to nowhere. We would get to a pleasant conversation, and she would keep having her drinks, then it would be her turn to dance, and I would be left with my dick in my hands a few hundred dollars shorter.</p>
<p>Her eyes popped, and her face turned red. She stuttered for a second, then gave me a giggle. It was a change of tactic, and she adapted. The expression on her face went from friendly to sexy in just a moment, and she almost purred, squeezing her breasts with her arms so they would pop out and draw my eyes.</p>
<p>“Would you like a private dance? I would take care of you.“ I saw the sales pitch coming from a mile away. You don’t catch a fish by pulling, or the line would break.</p>
<p>“How much do you want for that?“</p>
<p>“Only three hundred, and you can touch me wherever you like.“ I smiled, moving the conversational frame from useless to potentially beneficial.</p>
<p>“Can I eat your pussy there? It is so beautiful; I want a taste.“</p>
<p>“That’s an extra hundred bucks.“</p>
<p>“How about a blowjob? Will you suck me off?“ She nodded, telling me it would cost me a hundred more. So I could have a hot blonde strip for me, eat her pussy, and have her blow me for five hundred bucks. Her eyes were big, seeing the appraising look in my eyes.</p>
<p>“Actually,“ and this is where everything changed. “I don’t think it would be enough. I want to fuck you. I want to throw you on my bed, eat your pussy till you cum, then fuck you till at least ten of your orgasms, then pump you up with my sperm.“ The girl tilted. All the men in the strip club used subversive techniques, escalating from a drink to a chat to a dance, and only a few made it so far to get a blowjob. The game was designed for the customer to lose, to part with his cash and go home horny and unsatisfied.</p>
<p>“I don’t have sex with customers. I am not a prostitute,” Megan said with indignation written on her face. Of course, she wasn’t a prostitute, just as much as I wasn’t an engineer. She was simply stripping and offering occasional blowjobs for cash. And as we’ve learned from past presidents, a blowjob is not considered sex.</p>
<p>“I didn’t mean to offend. I am from London, and this is my first time in New York. I thought you were gorgeous, and I have so little time. If I could stay longer, I would take you on a nice date and treat you like a lady. Your beauty is worth my love. I would love you, but what can I do? By the time I return, someone would snatch you. Girls this beautiful don’t remain single for long.” She looked into my eyes and blinked. I could see her gaze soften, and all the fight left her.</p>
<p>“Come, give me your hand,” I said. She sat closer to me and let me play with her fingers for a few minutes, looking curiously at what I was doing. I lifted her hand and kissed it, then put it against my face and closed my eyes, taking a deep breath.</p>
<p>“I remember when I was a child, my mother would keep her hand on my face like this. The warmth of her skin told me that everything would be alright. She loved me. I miss being loved.” Megan just looked at me with her big eyes. I took her on a journey from being a stripper to a prostitute, to someone I could love, to a mother. She had nothing to say, hooked on my words, enchanted with my tone and cadence. I told her a story about a childhood I never lived—climbing trees, picking cherries, falling, and being healed. It was a journey of reliving a perfect life without worry or pain because, in this story, nothing wrong could happen. There was only love.</p>
<p>Megan looked at me strangely, measuring me up and down, trying to figure out what I did and who I was. She saw a fit, exceptionally well-dressed English gentleman, clearly someone from the upper class, someone who rejected the superficial trappings of society, a man who was strong and vulnerable simultaneously, perfectly at ease with himself. She saw a man who didn’t care about the past or the future, only the now, this very moment.</p>
<p>“Are you here on business?” Now we were getting somewhere.</p>
<p>“I just started a new corporation and wanted to check out my offices on Lexington Avenue and meet with my lawyer.”</p>
<p>“Where are your offices?” Megan’s eyes turned big like saucers.</p>
<p>“Inside the Chiseller building.” Everything changed. She knew exactly where it was, and the place was highly recognisable.</p>
<p>“Maybe you could take me on a date next time you come.” I fished out my phone and opened my Instagram. She pulled out her phone and added me, and I approved it. The music changed.</p>
<p>“I have to go for a dance. I will message you.” She leaned in to give me a peck on the cheek, and I turned my face at the last moment so she planted her lips on mine. Moments later, she gave me a stern look with a smile.</p>
<p>“Come on,” I said, pulling her hand. She gave me a proper kiss with a lot of tongue action, wrapping her arms around my neck and closing her eyes. Megan looked stunned after that, looking at me with a faraway gaze before she giggled like a little girl, blew me a kiss, and ran to the podium.</p>
<p>The guys saw what was happening between us and started throwing cash to the dance floor, thinking Megan would give them a little of the same magic. They called her to their tables, offering drinks and paying for private dances. Our little stunt made her a prise.</p>
<p>“May I join you?” I looked up, and it was the tattooed girl from last night. She was wearing a tight black lace corset with leather belts, metal rings, and chains hanging off them. She had the same ripped black stockings held up with suspenders and a ripped black fishnet T-shirt with two big holes through which her two perfectly formed fake tits protruded. She used black electrical tape to cover her pierced nipples in a symbol of an upside-down cross and had black-coloured nails and lip gloss. The girl looked like some sort of supermodel vampire, with pale skin and a beautiful appearance in the most bizarre ways. She inspired strange feelings in me.</p>
<p>I poured a champagne flute and handed it to her, and then we clinked our glasses. She looked me up and down with a sexy smile and bit her lip as if trying to tell me she would gladly drink my blood for dinner.</p>
<p>“I’m Rawan,” she said, explaining when I asked her that her father was a Lebanese man who came on a business trip to the US where he hooked up with her mother, then left a year after she was born, and she grew up fatherless. It was the same old story one hears today. I wondered if there were any people left with ordinary families.</p>
<p>“She won’t fuck you,” Rawan said, pointing at the blonde, explaining that she was a princess who liked money and attention but never did anything more than a blowjob with a client, and only if she liked how the man looked. Megan was the kind of girl who looked at the other strippers like they were lower than her, like they were whores.</p>
<p>“I will,” Rawan continued with a sexy smile.</p>
<p>“You will, what? Fuck me?”</p>
<p>“Yes, if you pay me a grand for the night. You can take me home and fuck me.” I chuckled. Rawan was direct. I liked that. She knew how to negotiate with men and put up her price. I finished my drink and gave her five hundred.</p>
<p>“Thanks, but I’ll pass. I’ve gotta go home.” I stood up to leave, but she pulled my hand.</p>
<p>“Why not? What’s wrong with me? I know you want to fuck me. I can see it in your eyes, how you look at me. You already gave me a thousand; why not?” This is where everything I learned from Tara came into play. I looked into her confused eyes and touched her face. She pushed it slightly against my hand to increase the contact. Rawan’s eyes were locked on mine, and I rubbed my thumb against her lips. She opened them, and I pushed my thumb into her mouth, and she sucked it, tapping it with her teeth.</p>
<p>This is where I bent it, trapping her jaw with my hand, with my thumb fixed firmly against the back sides of her teeth and the rest of my hand locking against her chin. Rawan’s eyes popped open, and her pupils dilated. I pulled her head towards me, and she almost lost her balance and landed in my lap. Her eyes got huge. I knew that look. I saw it a thousand times. Rawan could deal with rejection from men, but not the one who clearly wanted her and the one who gave her money but then just got up and walked away.</p>
<p>All those tattoos and piercings told a long story about fear, strength, and self-loathing. I knew that so well. Rawan was trying to reinvent herself, to erase who she was and design someone else, to choose her own path and her own future, and I shat on that. I told her without words, “You’re not good enough.” I rejected who she wanted to be by seeing what she was, and it was more than she could take. That was her proverbial crack in a shell. Dan told me about this so many times. He told me what it looked like and how to slip through the hole, but I didn’t know what to do next. The inside was a mystery to me. I couldn’t see or experience it.</p>
<p>I pulled Rawan to me one more time, taking my thumb out of her mouth and replacing it with my tongue while I took her long tattooed neck into my hand and squeezed. She cleared her throat and took a sip of champagne when it ended. Even in almost invisible darkness, I could see her goosebumps and shaking hands. Her eyes glistened, locked on mine. Bye-bye, seductress; hello to the Rawan inside.</p>
<p>“I don’t want to just fuck you. I want to destroy you. I want to fuck you so hard and eat your pussy until you piss yourself from orgasms. I want to feed you my cock and ram you like a bull. I want to fill your pussy with my sperm.” Rawan was focused on my explicit tale of how I would fuck her to death and make her cum. I told her a story of unbridled passion where I would fuck her the entire night until she passed out, then eat her to numerous orgasms until she would beg me to stop. Then I would fuck her so hard she wouldn’t be able to walk.</p>
<p>Rawan’s arousal was evident. She started our conversation in a sexual way, thinking she had the upper hand and I wouldn’t be able to escalate from there. With all my actions, I destabilised her, confused her, and then reframed. Using all the skills I learned, I took her on a journey of sexual fantasy and debasement. I would give Rawan what she wanted, fuck her into oblivion until nothing was left, and then I would pick up the pieces and rebuild her again into a creature of my own design, erasing what she was and starting over. Without referencing her past life, I took her on a journey of rebirth and another chance.</p>
<p>“Then why? I mean, I don’t understand.” Rawan was horny from my explicit sex talk and didn’t understand.</p>
<p>“I don’t want to fuck a whore. I want to fuck you like a whore. There is a difference.” She understood what I was telling her, and I stood up to leave. Her eyes followed me for a second while her pupils dilated.</p>
<p>“Wait. Please wait,“ Rawan said and walked up to me. “Can you please wait for me outside? I need to change.“ I put my hand on her chin and rubbed it with my thumb. She pushed it against my hand, wanting a more intimate touch. It was easy to guess Rawan’s state by looking at her nipples. They were so erect that the electrical tape peeled off in places, and I could see her piercings glisten.</p>
<p>I stood outside for about ten minutes, breathing the fresh night air and watching the sky. It was a lovely night, calming and quiet. The sound of the clanking metal doors brought me back to the ground, and the low red light illuminated the path. There she was, Rawan, wearing distressed blue jeans and a black faux leather jacket. She looked much smaller and thinner, moving like a mouse. She came to my left side and put her arm around my waist while I embraced her shoulders, and we walked in silence.</p>
<p>We didn’t speak for maybe ten minutes before she mustered enough courage to look up at me and into my eyes. Gone was this confident, tattooed goth dominatrix, and all that was left was someone fragile and sweet. I’ve been there so many times with Cassie, knowing full well that by tomorrow morning, Rawan would reset as well. It drove me insane. Most guys would offer their left nut as a price to have a girl like that, and I barely found it a challenge, but keeping her past the day was next to impossible.</p>
<p>“Jim, may I say something?“ We stopped, and I looked into her eyes. “I just wanted to tell you I don’t do these things often.“ My analytical self would have to ask her to explain. Did she mean going out of a club with a guy or having sex for cash? This is where I thanked the gods for having enough smarts to pay Fred, the photographer, to teach me how to notice everything.</p>
<p>“Would you like to kiss me?“ I asked. She nodded and smiled. I bent my head, and for the first time, we had a kiss so gentle, almost loving. It felt nice. When I looked into her eyes after, they were glistening. I pulled her towards me and kissed her forehead.</p>
<p>“Are you hungry?“ She smiled and nodded like a kid.</p>
<p>“I want your protein,“ she said, and we both laughed. There it was, the core, the utterly inappropriate joke, straight from the left into my face. I turned towards her and embraced her with my hands on her ass, then lifted her up, and she wrapped her legs around my back and her arms around my neck.</p>
<p>“I want to fuck you so hard. You’re turning me on so much.“</p>
<p>“That’ll be a hundred bucks extra, sir.“ Then we laughed. She lowered her head and kissed me again, for maybe a minute. “Mmm, I love your smell,“ she said, then started running, pulling my hand. “Come on, hurry up, I want my protein shake.“ I saw a cab pass by, and I whistled. We squeezed in the back, and Rawan took my hand and leaned on me inside, whispering into my ear the filthiest obscenities, what she would do to me and how she would play with my sperm and eat it.</p>
<p>I realised it wasn’t for my benefit, but she was feeling safe, letting off steam, sharing her deepest sexual fantasies. I used my other hand to stick my fingers under her jacket, between her legs and rubbed her clit through her jeans. She bit my ear and moaned as I did that, spurting out even worse fantasies. My cock was so hard that I thought it would burst through my pants. She touched it a few times to check the effect, then continued with her whispers. Rawan turned into a boiling hot man-eater.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>My eyes popped open, and I inhaled. The room was bright, like at midday. One glance told me it was only twenty past nine. Rawan was still sleeping, cuddled with me like a kid with her daddy. It felt somewhat strange to see this tattooed and pierced creature with big fake tits sleeping so peacefully, like a child. I reached for my phone and took a few selfies so I would remember forever the woman who gave me one of the most incredible sexual experiences.</p>
<p>As hard as Tara and I fucked, I never went into a bed to destroy or punish her, but not with Rawan. She liked it hard, painful, and brutal, and I let myself go, my inner monster. The bed was a mess akin to a proverbial bloodstained mattress inside a black panel van. There was black makeup smeared all over white linen, drenched in drool and pussy juice, blood, piss, and sperm. It made the room look like some sort of a train station brothel. The only thing the hotel could do with it now is to pour gasoline on it and call the fire department.</p>
<p>“Mmmm,“ Rawan moaned, complaining that I moved. “Please, just ten more minutes. I am so tired.“ She turned around, nestling her back against my chest with her butt right at my crotch. That was a mistake. My cock sprang up into action and pressed against her hole. I could feel her warmth and wetness with the tip of my rigid member, so I moved a little and adjusted myself until I managed to penetrate her orifice.</p>
<p>“No, mmm, please, mmm, let me sleep.“ It was a prayer for a deaf man, and I just pumped. It took only a minute for Rawan to get into the mood again and push her ass against my crotch, moaning louder. That’s all it took, and I started to ram my cock into her with all my strength, stabbing her pussy with powerful long strokes.</p>
<p>Only about ten minutes since I started, she started slurring and spitting, sucking in the air through her teeth, moaning and screaming into the pillow as I pumped. Fucking Rawan in the morning felt incredible. I felt my orgasm approach, but I controlled it like I practised with Tara and Amy while ramming Rawan’s pussy, feeling it contract and squeeze. That’s when she screamed, and I let go of myself. All I had to do was look at her twitching asshole, and I pushed my cock in hard, punching her cervix with the head of my cock. I slapped her ass like a maniac, pulled her hair like a beast, then punched my cock in for the last time and painted her pussy with hot white cum. She gasped and gurgled, twitched and panted, feeling my steaming essence fill her insides.</p>
<p>We lay frozen for some ten minutes, trying to catch our breath, before Rawan turned around with a loud plop, and my cock was out. I reached with my fingers and scooped the sperm that leaked out, shoving them into her mouth, and she cleaned them, repeating the procedure until there was no sperm left.</p>
<p>“You are a fucking maniac,” Rawan said and giggled, jumping up from the bed and running into a bathroom, starting a shower. She locked herself inside to prevent me from coming in and fucking her again. It was so much fun; I doubt I could control myself.</p>
<p>So strange. I heard the water stop and the doors open, and there she was again, Rawan, but not her anymore. Just like clockwork, she reset, and all I was left with was that reserved, tattooed, untouchable queen of the vampire world, so cold and distant. What the hell happened? How is it possible to have someone so warm and fun and so personable, then switch it off, and a completely different person was there, looking at me with some sort of suspicion, cold and calculating, not so attractive.</p>
<p>I went into the shower, wishing to avoid thinking about it and give her space. Rawan was already dressed when I came out, so I quickly put on my clothes and took her down for breakfast, observing her every move. Rawan mellowed a bit as we ate, laughed, and giggled. It was undeniable; she liked me. I liked her as well, but it was the same story with Cassie all over again. What is it with such women? It frustrated me to no end.</p>
<p>“Last night was the best orgasm I ever had.” Rawan started, and I could tell she meant it from the look in her eyes. Somehow, she managed to release herself.</p>
<p>“You can have it any time; just visit me.” Her lips pursed, and her forehead frowned.</p>
<p>“Are you going to give me money?” I shook my head, and her eyes fell. “I would love to, Jim, I swear to god, but I need to make money. If it wasn’t for that, I would want this every day and night, but I can’t.” Rawan was desperate, and I could understand. Sometimes, we are so close to the problem that we can’t see another way. It happened to me a lifetime ago, and I almost died.</p>
<p>“I can offer you something different.” She looked at me with curiosity.</p>
<p>“What’s that?”</p>
<p>“A new life, a clean start. Come with me to London. You can be who you want, and I’ll take care of you.“ Her eyes started to glisten. There was something she wanted to tell me, but she bit her tongue and shook her head.</p>
<p>“You are nice, Jim. I like you a lot, but I can’t.“ I reached into my pocket and gave her one of my titanium cards with a QR code for my Instagram.</p>
<p>“If you’re ever in trouble or want to accept my offer, call me. Promise.“ She nodded and stored my card in her purse, kissed my lips one last time, and then walked away.</p>
<p>“Fuck my life,“ I whispered. “The fucking reset.“ Learning hooker games wasn’t a whim or a goal anymore but a necessity. I could see in Rawan’s eyes she was hurting, but she wouldn’t trust me to help. It was too much outside her perception of reality. Every time this happened, I got discouraged about ever making it work with Cassie. I had to put a stop to it.</p>

</body>
</html>
