<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 32 - Salt of the earth</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 32 - Salt of the earth</h2>
<p>That was it with strip clubs for me; I was done. There was nothing I could learn from it anymore. I spoke to two girls and took it as far as possible, with the predictable result. The first girl, Megan, kept her word and sent me a message on Instagram. She liked a whole bunch of my photos and commented on a few of them. Where would I take it from there? Another date? Another bed? Another disappointment?</p>
<p>This would be a perfect recipe if I was interested in having sex with as many women as possible, but that’s a fool’s errand rooted in insecurities. I’d take quality over quantity any time. The quality of the person over the volume; the quality of sex over new experiences. Sometimes, the variety of sexual experiences is a vertical proposition, like bringing in toys or another girl into play, rather than constantly changing lovers.</p>
<p>I was tired and needed some rest from psychological pressure. I had one of the best nights of my life, just to be followed by the same old problem as always. It was time for me to take care of it, and Dan promised to help. After finishing my food, I went back upstairs, took a long shower, groomed myself, stripped down the bed, and asked the reception desk to send the crew in hazmat suits up and fix the room after the night of debauchery. When I looked at it, I laughed, thinking Caligula would be proud of me.</p>
<p>There is something weirdly relaxing about New York City. One could switch off, disappear, merge with the crowds, and blend into the background. Unlike California, the New Yorkers walked. I didn’t look like a strange foreign weirdo who went against the grain in New York. The city was like London: imposing and hurried, with pockets of calm where you can sit down and breathe for a while, have coffee, and have cake.</p>
<p>You hear about New York pizza, and I wanted to try it, so I asked around, and people sent me this way or another. Everyone had a different preference, a different view on the matter. What makes a great pizza is as subjective as choosing which woman is prettier, a blonde or a brunette.</p>
<p>After some time, I found what promised to be an original Italian place. I was sure it wouldn’t be as good as in Europe, but it was an adventure. By then, I had worked up an appetite, and the slice tasted sublime. Whether original or not, it was made moot by my hunger, so I ate it with gusto and ordered some coffee.</p>
<p>Sometimes, It feels nice to just sit down and breathe, look at the people passing by, living their lives, and work hard to build their future. Green people, blue people, some wearing colourful mohawks, others with shaved heads, in all shapes and sizes, milled about like ants, adding to the chaos, creating the tapestry of life. Imagine all the world without colour, just shades of grey where everyone thinks and does the same, no different and everyone is the same. I wouldn’t want that, a Pleasantville nightmare.</p>
<p>I lost track of time, watching the world and thinking, examining my experiences, trying to assign them to their places. Each into one box; now march, move. There were so many things to weigh and consider, too many potential mistakes. My plan started to unfold, and I was committed. The only thing left for me was to wait it out and survive the fallout. The storm was coming, and I was prepared. It would change everything.</p>
<p>The waiter came over, and I paid, leaving a generous tip. I didn’t know where I was and was reluctant to look up the phone map. Eventually, as it started to get dark, I surrendered to my curiosity and learned I was on the Lower East Side. The scenery changed; the people were poorer. I saw a few groups of rough sleepers. Everyone tried to do what they could to survive, equally a bum and a gentleman. We just walked on different sides of the street to avoid each other, but with one stroke of bad luck, that line blurred, and we fell. We all lived only one life.</p>
<p>I saw druggies and people in terrible shape, living, surviving from day to day. It made me think there is always a bottom below the one you stand on, and it sometimes comes with a great fall. As I walked around, I saw misery and despair, as well as hope and friendship. I saw people trying to help each other, having nothing to give but share each other’s warmth. This was a humanity in the making, the far end of a grinder that chewed up and spat out everyone. It put so many things into perspective.</p>
<p>I heard a little cry as I passed an alley, but I decided not to get involved and just walked away. A hundred yards later, I turned around and walked back. I couldn’t get it out of my mind. It was a young girl, no more than twenty, emaciated and covered by garbage and ripped newspapers. She looked like a junky, and I knew it was a problem I couldn’t solve. Yet, something pulled me there. Perhaps it was my guilt from just walking around with pockets full of cash while others starved.</p>
<p>The girl looked terrible, like an abandoned dog, sick and suffering, wearing a ruined T-shirt that used to be burgundy and black cut-off jeans that smelled of urine. Her hair was long and used to be blond. Everything about this girl was in the past tense, was, used to be, before, some time ago. What she was at that moment is “ruined.”</p>
<p>I had never seen someone so thin before. The girl couldn’t be more than eighty pounds with her clothes. Her arms were bony, and her face was skeletal. The only thing human on her was her big blue eyes and her teeth, which, thanks to some miracle, remained whole and reasonably white. She was the poster child for a junky on her last stretch, a few more months before she expired. It was a terrible thought. There goes another soul into the void.</p>
<p>If I gave her money, she would use it for drugs or get robbed. If I got her food, it would get stolen. If I called someone, nobody would come. It was a shit deal for everyone. That’s why most people just walked away. It was too big of a problem for them, and I wasn’t even local. I didn’t live there.</p>
<p>I reached for my wallet to give her a hundred bucks, more to assuage my conscience than to truly help. It ripped my heart apart. The girl was going to die, and I wanted to run away from there. I was too much of a coward to do anything that mattered, so I rolled the cash and put it into her hand. She watched me do it with her endless blue eyes. Tears came into mine. I wanted to kill someone; I wanted to cry. That was another human dying in front of me, and I was disgusted by it. It made me face my own hypocrisy. I was the proverbial rich man using a hundred bucks to clean the dog shit from the soles of his shoes. It was a shame; I was ashamed of myself.</p>
<p>As I stood up to go, the girl grabbed my sleeve, and my first instinct was to take off my jacket and run away.</p>
<p>“Please,” she said, and I froze. Everything seemed so much worse when she talked. “Please help me,” she begged. Nobody ever begged me for anything in my life, and her eyes were so deep, endless, and vulnerable. I didn’t know what to do; I panicked. I squatted next to her, feeling helpless.</p>
<p>“I am scared,” she said, tears rolling down her eyes. She took my hand into hers and trembled. “I was raped.” Imagine a ball of bile rising from the depth of your stomach, climbing up into your throat, and the metallic taste of saliva just as you are about to puke. All I could think of was the pizza I ate and how embarrassing it would feel if the girl saw that. She was starving, and I was picky.</p>
<p>“What can I do?”</p>
<p>“Please help me. Please save me.” Fuck my life. What could I do? Put her into a program? Get her clean? Give her a new chance? Then what? Throw her back where I found her? I almost screamed. Never before did I want to run away from something more. I’d rather be naked in a pit full of vipers. My entire body was covered in goosebumps, the wrong kind. It made me feel like millions of scabies were burrowing under my skin. I wanted to jump out of it and run.</p>
<p>This is what happens when you dress up nicely in a tailor-made suit and custom shoes, then go slumming it at the human zoo, watching the indigent, feeling bad about them, and then walking away. I was stuck between two massive rocks, and they were grinding my soul.</p>
<p>“Forget it!” My mind screamed at me. Was I a man or a piece of shit? There was no way in hell I would be able to let the girl die. I just wasn’t built that way. All the things I learned, all the glimpses I had of myself, led me to this moment, and I see it clearly now. It wasn’t a contour of who I was anymore, a murky, shadowy image of myself. Whoever I used to be in my past life crushed and crumbled into dust at that very moment. The last remnant of the cocoon was gone, and I was out in all my glory, for better and worse, but I wasn’t a butterfly. I was something else, with sharp teeth and scales reflecting the sunshine in a rainbow of colours, basking in the warmth.</p>
<p>“How old are you?” I asked. She looked up as if searching for the answers.</p>
<p>“I turned eighteen three days ago.”</p>
<p>“Where are your parents?” She just burst into tears and curled into a ball. That told me everything I needed to know, and I couldn’t stop myself, so I spat onto the floor to clear the bile in my mouth.</p>
<p>“If I am going to risk helping you, then you must obey my every word, or we are done.” The girl’s eyes got big, and her pupils dilated. “It means from this moment, you would be mine.” She nodded her head quickly, and her tears ran. Memories of Tara went through my head as I said that.</p>
<p>“Repeat it. I want you to say exactly what will happen.” She cried, and her hands trembled.</p>
<p>“I will be your property. I will obey everything.” This wasn’t what I said, but it was a good enough equivalent. It would work for now, at least until I could figure things out.</p>
<p>“Are you sure that you want this?” She nodded her head again.</p>
<p>“Yes, sir, I promise,” she said and bawled.</p>
<p>It was surreal. What kind of monster would make such a deal with someone so vulnerable? Of course, the girl would accept anything I said. She was at the very bottom, at the very end of the rope. She had no chance, no escape; she would die in days. Someone raped her recently, and who knows how often it happened. The girl looked like a skeleton, barely alive. Then I came and dangled the salvation, but the only thing I wanted in return was her body and soul, her very essence. She was trading one evil for another. So desperate.</p>
<p>“Can you walk?” She nodded. “Follow me.” It took some effort for her to stand up. She swayed on her feet and ambled forward. Her leg shook weirdly, so I offered her a hand. The girl grabbed my arm instead and used it to keep me stable.</p>
<p>“What is your name?”</p>
<p>“Dixie,” she almost whispered. I knew the story. She was a runaway from somewhere worse than where I found her, probably somewhere in the Midwest, judging by her accent. She must have been fifteen or sixteen when she left home. It takes years to do this level of damage to someone. She was so young, and her life was almost over. The only reason she wasn’t picked up by traffickers by now was that she looked terrible, like a skeleton with skin stretched over it and a dirty old wig someone found in the garbage. I wondered who would even want to rape a broken-down creature like that. It was a biological miracle.</p>
<p>I saw a cab pass, and I flagged it down. The driver looked at me strangely as I pushed the homeless girl inside, but money is money, and he didn’t comment. I asked him to stop by a sporting goods store and a drugstore on the way, hopped out and returned with four big plastic bags, then we were away.</p>
<p>The best thing about five-star places is they don’t ask their guests too many questions. A guest is the law at five-star, and they kill you with kindness. You snap your fingers, and they bow down. Even the best-trained staff couldn’t help but stare at the man leading a homeless girl through the lobby and into the elevator.</p>
<p>Dixie looked around wide-eyed as if she had never seen this kind of luxury before, and she probably hadn’t. I secretly smiled at the girl. That’s what she really was, a baby, barely eighteen. We didn’t speak at all, but the more time I spent watching her, the better I felt about taking her off the streets. I might be a monster for what I would unleash in my professional life, but I did at least one good deed on the other side. The real question is whether I did it for her or myself. Was I altruistic or selfish? I guessed time would tell.</p>
<p>“Stop here, wait.” Dixie froze as soon as I closed the door behind us. “Take off your clothes and throw them inside.” She shuddered when I ordered her to undress, but she did it without complaint, unbuttoning her jeans with trembling fingers. “Underwear too, everything.” Her eyes glistened as she undressed, and she bit her lip but did what she was told.</p>
<p>“Now, hold this.” I gave her a brand-new black bean bag and removed all my clothes, including the shoes. She looked at me with wide eyes, took a step back, but kept herself stable. “Hand it over.” I took the bag with my clothes and the one with hers, tied them off, and put them to the side before tiptoeing into the shower, carrying a white plastic bag I got at the drug store and waving her over.</p>
<p>Everything changed when Dixie felt the hot water. She closed her eyes and sighed. I took this opportunity to look at her body, which was terrible. Dixie was thinner than I initially estimated. I could see every rib, even from the back, every bone, including the vertebrae. She was dangerously underweight and starved.</p>
<p>Once upon a time, Dixie might have been cute, even attractive. She was about five-nine with a pleasant bone structure. Who knows, maybe in some other life, she could have been a model or an actress, but here, in this existence, she was nobody and nothing, irrelevant to anyone.</p>
<p>She jumped a little, feeling my hand on her shoulder, but calmed herself. I rubbed the sulphur soap all over her body and waited. She took a bar and soaped me up as well, starting with my back. I don’t think she had ever washed a man. In my mind, I thanked Tara for teaching me proper hygiene.</p>
<p>When Dixie was done soaping me up, I turned around and washed her hair, passing on the shampoo to her, and she did mine. Her face was still red from embarrassment when she rubbed my genitals with a soap bar. I caught her staring at my cock a few times. I used the shower handle to rinse us off, then I took a fine-tooth comb and went through her hair once, squatted, and knocked the comb against the floor. Hundreds of little bugs fell off and started to run.</p>
<p>Dixie watched with big eyes, finally realising what I was doing. I took a bottle of special shampoo and rubbed it into her hair. She took it from me and did the same, and then we just waited. After five minutes, we washed it away, then applied treatment again, just in case. In the end, when I combed Dixie’s hair again and knocked it against the floor, all the bugs that fell were dead, not moving at all.</p>
<p>This is when I opened another bottle of chemicals, poured some onto a brush, and scrubbed Dixie all over. She mewed in response, not liking the roughness, but it was necessary. I needed to massage the chemical into every pore. I didn’t test for it, but I was sure Dixie had scabies.</p>
<p>She brushed me back, and we waited, washed off, and then brushed ourselves again. In the end, I stopped the water and took another bottle of chemicals. It was a white cream, and I rubbed it everywhere, covering every inch of Dixie’s body, including her hair, and rubbing it into her scalp. It would be funny to see how she looked, but scabies are terrible, and you have to get rid of them as soon as possible; otherwise, you might never get rid of them.</p>
<p>It took some twenty minutes for the lotion to be absorbed by the skin, and we got out of the bathroom. I gave Dixie a bathrobe while I put on another. We finally could sit down and look at each other. Dixie was the first one to smile.</p>
<p>“Are you hungry?” She nodded quickly, so I went to the mini bar and pulled out some chocolates and two cans of Coke. Then we sat down and shared. Dixie ate fast, stuffing her face. That’s what I was afraid of. She was starved, but I couldn’t have ordered her a meal yet. I had to build up her stomach first. After two Mars bars and a soda, Dixie started to lose consciousness. It was late, and I was exhausted, so I lay on the bed and tapped beside me.</p>
<p>She climbed on top and lay there, keeping her distance. To calm her, I gently stroked her hair. It took some time for her to get comfortable and move closer until she rested her back against my chest. I hugged her from the back, and she wrapped her little hands around mine, and like that, she passed out.</p>
<p>The exhaustion must have finally caught up with me. It was well into the morning when I woke up. Dixie was sitting in a lotus position at the end of the bed. She must not have noticed or cared that her bathrobe was open. I had a clear view of her genitals and nipples. She had no breasts, not even a little, flat as a board. I wouldn’t expect anything else from someone so emaciated.</p>
<p>Dixie followed my gaze and blushed but didn’t attempt to cover herself. I smiled at her and offered my hand. She smiled back and rolled on the bed, getting close and letting me hug her tight. After the initial shock, Dixie appeared stable and needed a cuddle. I would imagine there are few cuddling opportunities for people living on the street or homeless.</p>
<p>“Are you hungry?” She nodded. I figured out she woke up at some point at night and had the rest of the chocolate, two more cans of soda, salted nuts, and a small can of Pringles. It made me happy. At least her appetite wasn’t destroyed.</p>
<p>“Come, let’s have a shower, then go down for breakfast.” She almost jumped. This time, our shower went without issues. Dixie took the sulphur soap and rubbed it all over my body. It was morning, and my erection raged. She looked at it without a word and worked around it. I did the same to her, soaped her body, then took some Pantene, washed her hair, conditioned it, and washed everything off after doing mine.</p>
<p>While she was brushing her hair, I unpacked a brand new pair of teal lace-up sports leggings with a matching hoodie. It still looked big on her even though it was the extra-small size. Dixie looked much better, though, wearing a fresh set of clothes without underwear. The sporting goods store didn’t have any to sell.</p>
<p>Dixie put on her new socks and sneakers while I put on latex gloves and carried two garbage bags outside, flagging down the room service and cleaning the rooms on the other end.</p>
<p>“Can you please dispose of this? It likely contains scabies.” The woman didn’t even blink. She put on her heavy-duty gloves and carried them away, probably to be incinerated. I handed her colleague the bag with my clothes, asking her to use all the precautions, fumigate them, and dry clean them. They were too expensive to just throw away.</p>
<p>Dixie’s eyes popped out as soon as she saw breakfast. So much food was served on the tables, which looked like a banquet. I chastised myself for being amused. Of course, the poor homeless girl never entered a five-star hotel. She wanted everything all at once, but I held her hand.</p>
<p>“The breakfast won’t finish for the next two hours, so pace yourself.” I didn’t want her to get sick, but I understood she wanted to try everything, so I taught her how to do it: take a tiny bit and then take more if she liked it. Even with all that, Dixie returned to the table, carrying three plates loaded with food. I had to slow her down a few times, make her chew, and savour the taste.</p>
<p>Even with all that, she was only able to eat half a plate. She almost cried when the waiters came to take what was left and throw it into the garbage at the end of the breakfast. Food was scarce where she lived, delicious food like that, and there was no reason to throw it away.</p>
<p>“Here, come with me,” I offered my hand, and she grabbed it without hesitation. My Vertu concierge had made an appointment, and the car was already waiting. We only went a dozen blocks before coming out in front of a private clinic. Dixie was scared, but I stared her down, and the nurse took her away while I did all the paperwork.</p>
<p>In the end, the doctor called me inside, explaining that things were much better than they appeared. There were signs of significant recent vaginal bruising but a lot of signs of previous trauma. He didn’t want to speculate, but I connected the dots. This wasn’t the first time Dixie was raped.</p>
<p>The doctor went on, listing a range of issues—improperly healed broken bones and muscle tears. Those were old but countless. I remembered how Dixie curled up in fear when I asked about her parents. As for the rest of it, things weren’t as bad as I thought. To my great surprise, she wasn’t a junkie but had a tapeworm infestation. Combined with the lack of food availability and quality nutrients, Dixie looked like a skeleton when left untreated.</p>
<p>“We only found chlamydia, but no other sexually transmitted diseases,” the doctor went on, listing all the tests which proved negative. We will get another confirmation in about a week. It takes some time for the lab to grow all the hepatitis cultures. It turned out Dixie only had hair and body lice, but not scabies. The treatment we did last night killed them all, and she got rid of them.</p>
<p>The doctor pulled out two pills, explaining that the red one was Praziquantel and the other Azithromycin. One treated the tapeworm, and the other with chlamydia. Dixie also had a urinary tract infection. He gave her a course of Amoxicillin to start in two days so as not to overload her system and advised no irritants like alcohol or coffee.</p>
<p>This is where he went into a spiel on proper nutrition and regular checkups, pointing out that she should return in a month to verify everything was clear. The process took four hours, but when we got out, Dixie held tight to my arm, looking up at me with her big blue eyes like she saw a god. She knew something was terribly wrong, and she thought it was AIDS or cancer, but it was just a stupid tapeworm that died after one pill. She didn’t even have to receive a shot. All her other blood work was fine, a little strained due to her terrible general state, but the doctor was adamant she would be fine.</p>
<p>“She is eighteen and still growing, at the peak of her health. With a lot of love and care, I see no reason for her not doing well.” It was a medical way full of double negatives to say she would be fine, and I’ve never seen Dixie happier. We walked down the road like fathers and daughters, and she kept thanking me for everything I did.</p>
<p>I made an appointment for her at a beauty place. As soon as we walked in, they rolled her inside, the haircut and treatment, the skin treatment, the laser removal of her pussy and armpit hair, manicure, pedicure, makeup, the works. It took another three hours, and when she walked out, I made a double-take. Dixie completely transformed. I surmised she would be stunning after gaining some weight.</p>
<p>Dixie couldn’t believe what was happening. She looked into every reflective surface, trying to find herself, but the only one she could see was a super slim cutie with beautiful, clean, voluminous, dirty blonde hair. The next stop was a lingerie store, and I bought her two bags full of nighties, panties, teddies, and such, all silk and lace, but no bras. She didn’t need any.</p>
<p>Finally, in the end, we hit a department store where I bought her a little mountain of high heels and dresses, all the high street brands like H&amp;M and such, nothing really fancy, as I expected her to fill out at least a size. I got her a makeup kit, and the consultant taught her how to apply it. At the fitness store, I bought her a whole bag of supplements, primarily vitamins, immune boosters, and weight gain proteins—chocolate, vanilla, and strawberry. We could barely carry it to the car, and the bellboy helped us.</p>
<p>As soon as the doors closed behind us, Dixie fell to the floor and cried. She bent over and kissed my feet over and over again, sobbing like someone died. It was heartbreaking to watch. I tried to lift her up, but she didn’t let me. I tried to walk, but she held onto my feet, kissing them repeatedly. All the emotions Dixie had kept bottled up for a day, she let out in a heart-wrenching burst of tears. For almost half an hour, I stood there helpless and watched her cry.</p>
<p>“Are you hungry?” I asked when Dixie calmed down a little, and she jumped. It was a silly rhetorical question. She was always hungry and starved. I was wrong about so many things. The girl could eat and not get sick. It’s just the damn tapeworm ate all of it, and she had little to start with.</p>
<p>It took Dixie forever to choose what to wear. Such a resplendent choice had never happened before, and she was torn between all of it. After some twenty minutes, I told her what to put on, and she stripped in front of me without even blinking. That’s when I saw her perfectly smooth pussy. It looked pretty and petite, just a little line with two puffy sides.</p>
<p>Dixie grinned, meeting my eyes, catching me in my lascivious lurking. She was a woman, all right, and it excited her to be ogled by a man sexually, not because there was no other choice, but because she actually wanted, imagined in a sexual way, and desired. It did wonders for her sense of value. She wasn’t a throwaway street urchin anymore, but a woman with a pretty pussy a man with many options found attractive.</p>
<p>I took Dixie to the restaurant downstairs and ordered spaghetti and meatballs for her, with beef soup for starters and chocolate mousse as a dessert. I never saw anyone eat with such gusto, and I had to slow her hand. Her instinct was to just stuff her face with everything.</p>
<p>Despite all my guidance, she ate all her food in record time and looked at me, then at my glass with chocolate mousse, and then back at me. I pushed the glass towards her, and she smiled like a kid, so I waved the waiter over and ordered one more with marshmallow bits on top, plus another dozen to be delivered to the room’s fridge.</p>
<p>Dixie watched with big eyes as one more glass was delivered, licking her lips. The waiter got her a cup of hot chocolate while I got coffee. I could tell she struggled to swallow, but she couldn’t stop. Luckily, the food ended, and she sat back, breathing hard, like after running a marathon.</p>
<p>As soon as we got into a room, Dixie went to the toilet while I checked the fridge. The chocolate mousse was delivered. I wanted to keep it as a bit of surprise if Dixie woke up early again and decided to have a snack.</p>
<p>“Eww,” I heard a little scream, then swearing, followed by a shower. I didn’t want to ask; I knew what was happening. The pill worked, and the tapeworms were coming out. I checked it out on the internet earlier, and it was the stuff of horror. The doctor gave me another pill for her to take in a week, just in case. Dixie’s infection was quite dire and took a long time, so I expected many more Ewws in the coming time.</p>
<p>I hopped in and took a shower. It was a long day, and my skin still itched from the psychosomatic effect of imagining scabies. I put on my bathrobe and sat on the bed. Dixie had all her new clothes out of the bag and sorted into piles. It seemed her state of undress didn’t bother her at all. On the contrary, she seemed to enjoy being watched by me.</p>
<p>“Why don’t you try them on for me,” I suggested, and Dixie clapped her hands. She would put on an outfit, and I would score it from one to ten. Dixie especially liked thin, almost transparent lace panties and the effect they had on me. Even though she looked like a skeleton, her tiny pussy looked attractive, and she noticed that.</p>
<p>Dixie put on various combinations and entertained me for over an hour. I was getting a little tired, so I dimmed the light and watched, slowly dozing off, wondering where she got all this energy; then a formula popped into my mind, the calories consumed divided by her weight and virtually zero body fat. All this had to go somewhere somehow. At this age, Dixie was unlikely to ever build enough fat cells to look anything but slim, and she would probably never grow any tits.</p>
<p>My eyes popped open. I felt a warm hand on my balls. Before I could even focus my eyes, Dixie had my cock in her mouth and was sucking it slowly. I wanted to tell her to stop, but it felt so good, so I bit my tongue and let her do what she liked. In no minutes flat, my cock was a rigid pole, and she sucked it slowly, probably not even trying to make me cum. She feasted on my member like it contained a treat inside. After some twenty minutes of slow, steady sucking and rubbing the underside of my cockhead with her tongue, my cock started to twitch and spurt semen.</p>
<p>Without missing a beat, Dixie gulped all my sperm down to the last drop, then, keeping her head on my leg, she continued sucking like nothing happened, like I just rewarded her with my essence, and she continued. I was too tired and still floating on my cloud nine from the post-orgasmic haze when I closed my eyes and drifted to the la la land.</p>

</body>
</html>
