<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 33 - Mr Nice Guy</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 33 - Mr Nice Guy</h2>
<p>I barely noticed my flight back home. The last day in New York was an emotional rollercoaster. Dixie cried all day, petrified that I would never return and she would be on the street again. Even the meeting with my lawyer couldn’t assuage her fears. I bought her a cellphone, installed Instagram, and connected it to mine so we could be in touch. Then, I rented a reasonable apartment for a month and gave her a prepaid credit card with a thousand bucks. Her job was to eat well and exercise while the lawyer sorted out her passport. It was an incredibly complicated and costly procedure for someone homeless without any papers and applying for documents while living in another state. It made me think of England, the home of the red tape.</p>
<p>“Please don’t abandon me, please. I will do anything,” Dixie went on and on. How many tears can a person cry before drying up? Dixie cried all day. She even seasoned her steak with her tears. It made it a little easier when I connected her with Tara, as both girls were from the US. The two talked, and Dixie kept asking her to promise I wouldn’t change my mind. I had never seen such desperation before. In the end, I pulled her into my lap, kissed her lips, and everything changed. She hugged me so tight I thought she would pull a muscle and her body would unravel into a heap of bones.</p>
<p>“You promised to obey me. Yes?” Dixie frantically nodded. “Who are you to me?”</p>
<p>“I am your property. You own me.” It was a bad idea to get her to talk to Tara. She only reinforced this idea, telling her about her own life and how she was also my property. I didn’t have time to unpick that mess, and it would have been helpful for the moment if Dixie had believed it.</p>
<p>“So, do you think I would throw away something I own?” She shook her head.</p>
<p>“But…” I slapped her butt.</p>
<p>“But, nothing. You are mine, and you’re coming to London. End of discussion.” The poor girl almost snapped to attention like a soldier. Someone, somewhere in her past, trained her this way through fear, but oddly enough, Dixie found comfort in such a direct approach. She liked it when I took her choice away and ordered her what to do rather than let her decide by herself. Whatever happened to her, someone taught Dixie to be obedient.</p>
<p>Lamin met me at the airport and took my rolling hardshell suitcase with a curious smile. When it persisted during our drive, I got suspicious.</p>
<p>“The girls planned something, didn’t they?”</p>
<p>“It is not my place to say, sir,” he said and chuckled. I shrugged. This was my life; I made it, and now I had to live it. I was a victim of my own success. We hit a traffic jam, and I asked Lamin to stop.</p>
<p>“I need a breath of fresh air. Let’s park up somewhere and grab a cup of coffee.” Lamin nodded, and ten minutes later, we were sitting outside a lovely local pub, and I was having a pint. I hadn’t had cider in ages, and this place had a good one. Lamin and I sat and talked for a while. I would ask questions, and he would answer. At one moment, he looked at me in a strange way.</p>
<p>“Excuse me, sir, may I ask you something personal?” I thought he would ask me about my life, but Lamin took me by surprise.</p>
<p>“Would you maybe have some more work for me?” He explained that he was struggling with money. Most of what he made he sent to Gambia to support his family, but it wasn’t enough. He had three sisters and two brothers, all of them younger, but they were growing up and needed more food, clothes, things for school, everything, and this job was what separated them from poverty.</p>
<p>“Unfortunately, not at the moment, but maybe I will in a few months.” He expected that answer, and I thought that was it, but I was wrong.</p>
<p>“Don’t you like black women?” That came out of left field. I wasn’t expecting a question like that. It made me smile, bringing back memories of the voluptuous black goddess I slept with when I met Dan for the first time and how great she made me feel. I laughed.</p>
<p>“I like black women just fine.” This made Lamin smile.</p>
<p>“I could give you my eldest sister for twenty-five thousand dollars.” This would sound surreal if I knew nothing about Gambia. It is a majority Islamic country, and Lamin wasn’t selling his sister but talking about a dowry. It was a traditional proof and a sign of commitment to give the girl’s father a dowry. A dowry was customary in Europe a hundred years back, so I wasn’t shocked.</p>
<p>“You know I am not looking for a wife, and I have other women. I don’t think it would work.” Lamin looked down, and I couldn’t tell, but I thought he was blushing. He pulled a picture of his sister on his phone, and I almost gasped. She was breathtaking, tall and slim with the body of a goddess. I nearly choked, and Lamin laughed, telling me this was a common reaction by everyone who saw her, but only a few people did because she always wore conservative clothing.</p>
<p>“She was supposed to marry this year when she turned eighteen, but the groom bailed out.” He and the father agreed on a ten-thousand-dollar dowry, which was peanuts for such a beauty, but there was a problem. Someone caught Lamin’s sister kissing another girl at the age of fifteen, which escalated into a whole debate about the wisdom of female circumcision. The older people maintained that this would never have happened if the girl had been circumcised as a child. Some suggested it should be done now, but it was against the law. The government deemed This custom barbaric, and laws were made to prevent that.</p>
<p>None of this helped the young girl. Everyone learned she was perceived as a “lesbian pervert,“ and nobody wanted her in their house. The man who wanted to marry her could negotiate such a low dowry just by using this fact. Still, when it came down to it, his family exerted control, and the arrangement failed. The poor girl was seen as a wrong choice, and her family was tainted. That’s why they were poor. Nobody wanted to give good work to a family perceived as perverts. It got me thinking, and the lightbulbs started to fire.</p>
<p>“Are you sure she would fit into my family without a problem?” We were talking now, and Lamin knew he had me hooked. Twenty-five grand would solve his financial problem in Africa, and he could complete his studies and get a well-paid job with a starting yearly salary of sixty thousand pounds.</p>
<p>“I am sure, sir. If you want, I could talk to my dad.”</p>
<p>“I would prefer if you talked to your sister and explained everything. I don’t want a woman who is with me out of duty.” I could see Lamin was excited. It was time to negotiate the price.</p>
<p>“If I marry your sister and pay twenty-five thousand dollars, I want something in return. I want you to come and work for me as a Chief Operating Officer for the same salary the investment firm offered you.” That surprised him.</p>
<p>“Would it be okay if I think about it, sir?” I couldn’t ask for anything more. We finished our drinks, and Lamin drove me home. It was a win-win for everyone, a checkmate. Everything in life could be described through a strategy game. If I took his sister, I would fix the problem in Africa. Lamin’s father would get enough cash to raise all the kids, and I would get someone I trust to be the COO of my company for the price of an entry-level student at a hedge fund firm. What’s best is his loyalty would be absolute because we would be family. All of it was tied into a nice little bow. I just loved when things came together like this.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>“Come next door,” the yellow post-it read. Lamin just shrugged with a wicked smile. I went to Amy’s apartment and opened the door. Instantly, there was a scream, “Surprise!” and party poppers released, launching colourful confetti into the air.</p>
<p>It was a surprise, all right. I was expecting Tara and Amy, but Rylee and Callie were also there. They secretly used the tickets I bought and perfectly timed their travel to the UK while I was in New York. This was their secret revenge for travelling to the US and not inviting them.</p>
<p>“You’re not going to get rid of us this easy,” Rylee joked while Callie climbed my back like a chipmunk. Tara clung to me; Amy kissed my cheek. Lamin stood by the door with a big smile, recording all of it for posterity and Instagram followers. I burst into laughter and started kissing everyone. Something in me changed, and I was truly happy after a long time. This wasn’t just a simple get-together but an example of how life could be. All of those people were my new family.</p>
<p>“I am starving.” My simple statement sent everyone into overdrive. I wanted to book us a fancy place, but the American girls insisted on the authentic British experience.</p>
<p>“So, a curry house, then? Chicken tikka masala anyone?” That didn’t go down well, and the girls pushed me onto the recliner, climbing on top of me, pretending to strangle me, throwing a kiss here and there for good measure.</p>
<p>“Okay, okay, I give up.” I reserved a table at The Royal Oak in Bethnal Green. The girls did a little dance, celebrating the fact I wouldn’t make them dress like princesses, so they could put on casual clothes and just enjoy themselves. It was a slippery slope.</p>
<p>It was all a ruse. By the time we got ready, I was the worst one dressed there. The girls united against me and shared their clothes, making all sorts of combinations and looking like supermodels. They chirped about this and that, jumping from one subject to another. I closed my eyes, and my thoughts drifted on with a smile. This felt like a big family gathering to celebrate a birthday or something. I was glad the girls shared the same language, behaving like sisters. There was no trace of jealousy between them, quite the opposite. Sharing the same man seemed to unite them. It gave them a strong common theme, and they felt comfortable with each other.</p>
<p>Sometimes, I wondered how did I manage to pull that off? The only way I could explain it was that, inadvertently, as I tried to avoid settling into another relationship, I failed to define this, whatever one may call it. I never called any of them a girlfriend or gave the girls any label. We were together and happy. It’s all that mattered. Perhaps they all figured out independently that it didn’t matter how we named it. Somehow, it worked, and I wouldn’t poke at it. Some magic tricks are meant to remain a secret.</p>
<p>I always imagined entering an English pub with a group of women. It wasn’t a fantasy anymore as four girls and I walked into The Royal Oak, and a waitress took us to our table. Everyone in the place stared at us, including the staff. The girls were dressed to impress, and I was wearing my casual attire, still made by Savile Row tailors, only with a relaxed feel to it. Rylee and Callie immediately took the seats by my side. They hadn’t seen me in a long time and wanted some love.</p>
<p>Instead of each ordering a meal, I ordered a lot for everyone to share, with five empty plates, so we could have a bit of a banquet. Getting used to that kind of communal living would be easy, with family getting together for dinner. The only thing missing was the kids, but I was working on that. My ex, Tina, must have called me a thousand times, leaving all sorts of nasty, threatening messages, texting me about taking me to court or sending her man to find me and break a few bones.</p>
<p>Tina was getting desperate because her boyfriend was desperate, and she needed the money to pay someone back. The man got himself involved in some shady business, lost some cash he didn’t have, and desperately looked for a way out, so he’d been pressuring Tina in different ways, asking her for money to fend off the beatings. The guy was a sleaze from the very beginning, and I had been paying for years so he could sneak around behind my back and sleep with my wife.</p>
<p>When we divorced, it was a tough time for the guy. The judge decided how much she got, and she was giving at least half to her man. Lately, it wasn’t enough for his appetite, so he kept pressing Tina for more and more cash, helping her come up with schemes to extort more, using my sons as bargaining collateral. Effectively, he kept my children ransom.</p>
<p>After I stopped paying child support, the money dried up, and whoever the guy owed began putting pressure on him to pay up. The man took a beating, then came to my ex-wife to blame her for everything because she didn’t give him cash. This, in turn, caused an avalanche, and Tina was going insane, threatening to harm my children.</p>
<p>Over the last week or so, her calls turned demented. Her brand-new car stalled and wouldn’t even move out of the drive. This forced her to use public transportation like a commoner, reminding her where she came from, and Tina didn’t like that. I would enjoy her rage if it wasn’t for my children. They took the brunt of it with nobody to help.</p>
<p>“Hold on, boys, help is coming,” I whispered into their ears the last time I saw them. Daddy had a plan. Just a little longer, just a little while. I smiled at the girls, tasting lamb shank, the mixed grill, the salads, the stew, and the vegetables. They laughed, talked, and jumped from subject to subject. Who would have guessed a year ago how my life would turn? If someone told me this, I would laugh in their faces, accusing them of being under the influence of something they smoked or snorted.</p>
<p>Amy’s loud burp brought me back from my trance. Everyone laughed, and then Tara tried to do the same. Suddenly, the girls had a burping competition, seeing who could burp louder. It started to attract the attention of other guests. It was time to call it a night before it escalated. I waved the waitress over, paid, and tipped well.</p>
<p>Rylee and Callie were full of energy, while Tara and Amy were ready to sleep. They ate so much that they reminded me of Dixie, yet both remained slim. It wasn’t a mystery how the two managed to stay so fit. While I was away, both used my gym, especially the pool, sauna, and spa and then they would go home and spend most of the night exhausting each other. Tara was insatiable with a perverted mind, and she was turning Amy into a nymphomaniac.</p>
<p>The girls went to change, and I took that opportunity to take a quick shower, put on my fancy suit, and met Rylee and Callie outside. I didn’t feel much for a walk around town or high-energy scenes, so I instructed Lamin to drive us to The Chamber. It was fun watching the girls‘ faces as we passed the entrance of a large, nondescript property with no signs outside.</p>
<p>As soon as they entered the main room, their eyes popped, trying to soak in everything at once. It was fun to watch. I wondered if my face looked like that when I first saw it. The place was quite busy, with plenty of members in town. I recognised a lot of faces I’d seen before, and I greeted them.</p>
<p>The word spread like wildfire after the waiter took our order and learned that the two girls were American. Many guys came over to introduce themselves, starting with Jean-Philippe, another French guy in his mid-fifties, born and raised in Martinique, a sole heir to a lot of real estate from colonial times. He was the “old money” kid whose only job was to not fuck it all up, and he lived a lavish lifestyle from the dividends without working a minute all his life. The legend goes he sired at least a hundred kids in his lifetime, spending a portion of his money to keep them comfortable, realising early on that he wasn’t dad material.</p>
<p>The girls laughed and giggled, responding to the jokes of the old player who refused to act his age. I thought it was part of his charm in the first place, brushing the whole age thing aside and acting like a playboy all his life.</p>
<p>In the corner seat on the other side of the bar, I saw Cassie with some younger guys, the investment banker kind. They were trying to get her drunk and interested, and she was smiling and playing games. I knew who would win, and so did all the older members. She smiled at me, and I smiled back and waved.</p>
<p>As the music changed, the two girls got positively aroused. Callie pulled my hand to dance, and I let myself be persuaded. Not to be outdone, Jean-Philippe offered his hand to Rylee like a courtier does to a princess.</p>
<p>“Puis-je vous inviter à danser, mademoiselle,“ he asked and bowed. Rylee stood up and curtsied, and the two joined us. After the song changed, JP and I switched partners, and a few more couples joined us on the floor. Why not? I read the club rules twice, and there was nothing to prevent people from dancing if they liked.</p>
<p>The girls wanted another drink, so JP thanked them and left. I ordered another round of cocktails and sat down on a plush brown leather sofa with a girl on each side. They wrapped their arms around mine and gurgled sweet nothings into my ear, mostly about how happy they were to see me again and how much fun they already had.</p>
<p>London could be daunting for first-time visitors, but the girls had the best guides. Amy was a Londoner, and Tara went exploring almost every day. Together, they were an unending source of information and entertainment. I’ve never visited Tampa, their hometown, but of all the cities I’ve seen in the US, none come close to the likes of London. Even New York and the Big Apple couldn’t compare. Sure, it had its charm, quirkiness, crowds, and imposing presence, but it lacked that “je ne sais quoi“ that joie de vivre London possesses – intangible, yet evident. Its class, history, and culture; at night, when you close your eyes, you can hear the city’s whispers.</p>
<p>“I am horny,“ Rylee gurgled into my ear, licking my earlobe. Callie said nothing; it was unnecessary. She was too far gone.</p>
<p>“Let’s go to the movie room,“ I suggested, and the girls looked at me like I said something strange. It would take too long to explain, so I stood up and pulled their hands. It was the place Cassie took me to when I became a member and allowed me to eat her pussy to an orgasm. I looked at her group and saw her watching me with big eyes. I learned quickly that “the movie room“ was a club euphemism for everything that should remain unseen.</p>
<p>I almost burst into laughter when I saw that the movie playing was “The Sound of Music.“ We sat on cushy chairs and watched for a moment. It was a scene with Liesl von Trapp singing “Sixteen Going on Seventeen“ and dancing in the rain with Rolf Gruber, the telegram delivery boy who later becomes a Nazi soldier. I almost laughed. The two girls loved the movie and had seen it a million times. Within seconds, all thoughts of sex vanished, and the girls sang along. That was enough for them to cuddle up to me tightly.</p>
<p>They don’t make films like this anymore. The sign of a good one was when the story pulls you right in, and musicals? Forget it. Hollywood is not interested, let alone Netflix. Maybe if someone pitched a beloved classic to Disney as the next project to ruin, but apart from that, if it doesn’t fly, drop bombs, or isn’t gay, nobody was interested.</p>
<p>It is enough to notice that the director’s award at the Sundance Festival went to a movie called “Cuties,“ which shows prepubescent girls dancing sexually, resulting in criminal felony charges against Netflix and outrage. What happened? Nothing, just like the Balenciaga bondage bear controversy. They surely were coming for our children. No wonder many people enjoyed classics like “The Sound of Music.“ Perhaps they could identify the commonalities with the world today, a story of the rise of the Third Reich for the Fourth Industrial Revolution times.</p>
<p>The girls giggled and sang the songs all the way home. They left their stuff at Amy’s place but pushed me into my apartment. There was no more stalling; it was business time. We took a long shower together, and the girls still talked about the movie, complaining that no more musicals were available.</p>
<p>“Anyone want to go and watch Phantom of the Opera with me this weekend?“ I was sure their squeals could be heard outside the apartment. The girls went nuts when I told them about The Lion King, Matilda, Les Misérables, Mamma Mia, Moulin Rouge, The Book of Mormon, and Wicked.</p>
<p>“We want, we want!“ the girls demanded, especially when I told them about all the cultural marvels—the British Museum, the Tate Modern, the Natural History Museum, the Royal Opera House, Madame Tussauds, and Shakespeare’s Globe Theatre. The girls wanted it all, to taste life. Who knew that just mentioning those things could get women all hot and bothered?</p>
<p>Rylee and Callie pushed me out of the shower until I lost my balance and fell on the bed. They jumped on top of me like a thirst of vampires.</p>
<p>“I want to suck your cock,” Callie said, sliding down, still trying to master the art of making me cum in seconds. Rylee was more direct, climbing on top and nestling her pussy on my face, grinding it up and down while my tongue probed her depths.</p>
<p>Rylee tasted fantastic, clean and musky. I could eat her pussy for hours. In fact, I did that plenty of times. One doesn’t eat a girl’s pussy purely to make her cum. I liked the smell and the taste. If it was up to me, I’d have fresh pussy for dinner every day.</p>
<p>I almost chuckled thinking about that. With all these girls around me, this was precisely what happened. I tried to remember the last time I went a week without a taste, and I failed. The key to a healthy life is a clean, balanced diet with all four groups represented, your carbs, proteins and fats, as well as a generous serving of willing pink pussy every day.</p>
<p>This was going nowhere. Rylee was trying to make herself cum on my face, but she couldn’t get her movements right, so I lifted her bit and pushed her on her back, diving straight between her legs. Instantly, she started to moan and roll her eyes, feeling all too familiar motions of the tongue against her moist privates.</p>
<p>Callie adapted from the other side, making me jump from the unexpected surprise. She stuck her tongue into my asshole, making my cock jump up and down, trying to swallow my balls whole, then spitting them out. I was in heaven, trying to focus on the job in front of my nose and ignore the pulsing of my cock inside Callie’s hands.</p>
<p>“Mmm, I’m going to,” I tried to warn her, but Callie was ahead of the game. She quickly lay on her back, pushing her head between my legs and frantically jerking my cock with its tip right inside her wide-open mouth.</p>
<p>I could feel the tip of Callie’s tongue lash against the tip of my cock head. It made me twitch, feeling incredible. The very moment she tried to stick her tongue inside my piss hole to get another taste of my precum, I couldn’t take any more. My balls contracted, and my cock jerked. One, two, three blasts went straight into Callie’s mouth. That’s when she lifted her head and sucked like a penis pump, forcing the very last drop of sperm from my balls right into her mouth.</p>
<p>On the other side, Rylee screamed, reaching her own orgasm. I was too out of it to do anything about it, riding my own pleasure wave. Callie wiggled out and pushed to the side, grabbing her best friend’s legs and pushing her up so Rylee’s pussy was up in the air. This is when Callie pushed an index finger from each side and opened Rylee’s pussy wide to a big black gape. I could see her cervix inside.</p>
<p>I wondered what this was all about, but Callie didn’t make me wait. From her kneeling position, she spat my sperm out, letting it drool all the way inside, covering Rylee’s cervix with a white, slimy layer like it was glazed.</p>
<p>My cock was instantly hard again, seeing this bizarre sperm play. The two best friends had some hardcore fantasies that only grew bigger and more elaborate with time. It shouldn’t have surprised me, as all the girls constantly talked with each other, sharing the minuscule details of who tried what and who did what to another. I imagined that I was in the top ten of their debates, wondering what I did to whom and how it felt.</p>
<p>This is what happens when you have two insatiable minxes at home, making you cum all the time. It happened with such predictable regularity that my body started adapting to it like it does to exercise. I found it normal to cum multiple times a day, and my balls didn’t hurt anymore. It was hard to tell what was due to constant sex, exercise, or all the supplements. I just knew for a fact that my testosterone was going up, and I couldn’t be happier.</p>
<p>“My turn now,” Rylee said, pushing me on all fours and licking my asshole while rubbing my cock up and down. Callie settled herself in front of me and used her hands to open her pussy wide.</p>
<p>It took us only about half an hour to give Callie four orgasms and me one, filling Rylee’s mouth with another serving of steaming hot baby butter. She did the same as Callie, lifted her up and spat the sperm out right into her pussy. The girls embraced and kissed.</p>
<p>“You’re not going to sleep until you fill all our holes,” the girls chimed, pulling on their butt cheeks to drive the statement home. This got me going again.</p>
<p>In the midst of this, I remembered the time we met, and they showered naked while I wondered if I should have joined them. We had come a long way since then and fucked hundreds of times, but more than that, we had developed a sort of bond all of us enjoyed.</p>
<p>For some reason or another, the girls had latched onto me. The conventional wisdom would dictate that the girls should have been jealous or using me for something. None of that was true. Of course, the girls enjoyed nice things and a lavish lifestyle, but this was something different. The girls genuinely loved doing all sorts of things with me, and not just having sex.</p>
<p>We were all happy, naked, and sweaty, lying on our backs, hugging each other. I would kiss one then another, and the girls would coo and hug me tighter while absent-mindedly playing with my cock.</p>
<p>“Okay, next round,” I demanded, pushing Callie onto her back, getting on top of her, mounting her, and slowly pumping my cock inside. This was life.</p>

</body>
</html>
