<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 34 - Evil Dick</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 34 - Evil Dick</h2>
<p>The day started with gloom and rain. People on the street wore long tweed coats and tiny black foldable umbrellas. I watched their black shoes splash water out of puddles. It would be my first day in the office, and I wasn’t looking forward to playing that game. I fired a first salvo with the whole woke nonsense, but nobody was fooled, I was sure. The only thing I managed was to create a record of disagreement, playing chess with a vastly superior opponent.</p>
<p>I was right. As soon as I came into my office, my secretary sent me a message to meet Diarmaid at ten. I had a sense that just like The Boomtown Rats, Diarmaid would remind me why I don’t like Mondays. It was to be expected. Like most people, I disliked confrontation and blame, but it was necessary. I couldn’t quit my job, and they wouldn’t let me get my way.</p>
<p>One look at my secretary was enough for me to understand that everyone knew something was happening, and my career was hanging by a thread. I was a marionette controlled by greater interests, and one of my cords got cut off and others entangled. I went to the canteen and got a full mug of coffee. This place, this office, carried so many memories. My time here was ending, and I missed it already. I spent years here, in this prison of the mind, doing what I was told and spinning the plates.</p>
<p>All my dreams and plans of moving vertically with time were crushed. Nobody would hire a techie for the CTO role without the same person being a political monster. Ironically, I have become one now, but a little too late and way too aggressive. I pulled out the “gay card,” and human resources got involved, playing this by the book lest it affect our ESG scores.</p>
<p>Diarmaid always despised gay people or anyone different. He did his utmost to manipulate the other managers to shift them around, restructure and get them the hell out of his department. The man was a bigot and racist, with a closet homosexual son and a daughter he wanted to fuck. His own perversion sickened him, and he took it out on everyone. Still, he was a shrewd political player, never letting anyone learn about that.</p>
<p>How did I find out? Simple. The secrets never stay secrets with the computer systems. He used our in-house psychologist, who recorded all his notes in a database on his computer. It turns out it wasn’t encrypted. When I proposed the system, my architectural design insisted on encrypting the sensitive data at rest to satisfy non-functional legislative requirements but guess what? It was too costly, so the managers decided we didn’t need to do that. In fact, it was Diarmaid himself who signed the waiver. I found it equally ironic as funny because of my role; I had access to everything.</p>
<p>This was, in fact, how I found the other Jim for Lexi. He was the best candidate, one of the directors of legal compliance. Diarmaid and Jim never saw each other face to face. Jim was a stickler for rules and often a pain in Diarmaid’s neck. To add insult to injury, Jim was favoured by the current CEO as a replacement, but the rest of the board favoured Diarmaid.</p>
<p>I had no clue what Lexi planned, but given the two’s history, Jim was the best option for Lexi’s revenge against Diarmaid. She never told me the ins and outs of it, and I didn’t have to know it, but whatever it was, given the animosity of two men, it wouldn’t reflect great on Diarmaid. Everyone knew, up and down the food chain, that whichever one wins the CEO job would squeeze the other one out. It was inevitable.</p>
<p>Lexi smiled as she passed by me, carrying two cups of coffee. Somehow she got herself employed by my company. I thought to stop and greet her briefly, but Lexi turned her head, pretending not to know me. She was planning something, and it made me wonder. Curiosity killed the cat, they said. Whatever it was, I better take care and stay the hell away from Diarmaid or the company before whatever Lexi planned started to happen.</p>
<p>At ten sharp, I knocked on Diarmaid’s door, and he pointed at the seat on the other side of his desk, not even lifting his head to greet me. I shrugged and sat down. Those kinds of mind-control tactics didn’t work on me anymore. The good thing about knowing you’re out and accepting it is that the other side loses the power to use it. I didn’t just accept my fate; I counted on it, and the game changed. It wasn’t whether I get fired, but how it happens and when.</p>
<p>“Do you know why I called you here?” White pawn to C4, an English opening. The man liked to start strong, and I was game.</p>
<p>“Your message didn’t specify why you wanted to see me. I couldn’t speculate.”</p>
<p>“That was some shit you pulled with the human resources.”</p>
<p>“You chose Dick for CTO despite the fact he is incompetent because he is a political brown-nosing animal and would do what you say without complaint. I was just showing you that I could do the same and more.” Diarmaid smiled. He hated me for defying him, but he enjoyed me using Dick this way. Dick was the wrong choice, everyone knew that, but his obedience couldn’t be questioned.</p>
<p>“Tell me, why shouldn’t I fire you right now?”</p>
<p>“For what cause? Because I am lesbian? That won’t fly with Jim in statutory compliance.” Diarmaid smacked his knees and laughed so hard that, for a moment, I thought he’d come off his chair.</p>
<p>“You and I know that you’re not gay.” I shrugged.</p>
<p>“What people believe and what the records reflect are often different.” We stopped talking and had a staring contest. I could see anger in Diarmaid’s eyes, but all he could see in mine was resignation. I was resigned to losing this way or another.</p>
<p>“Watch yourself, Jim. You’re treading on thin ice.”</p>
<p>“Would that be all, sir?” he waved me away. Stalemate. Someone said, choose your enemies wisely, and I just made my choice. Diarmaid would look to change a score soon, but he won’t dirty his hands. He was more of a cloak-and-dagger type, using puppets so as not to dirty his hands.</p>
<p>“One more thing,” he said as I took the door handle. “Richard is still going to be your boss. I expect you to meet with him as soon as possible. I can fire you for disobeying a legitimate order.” Diarmaid knew I wouldn’t do it, and I knew he wouldn’t dismiss me because he needed me, but it was loud and clear, the warning received. So we began with the first shot fired across the bow. It was my turn now. Do I double, or do I fold?</p>
<p>I sat at my desk, drinking coffee. There were no tasks to complete, and I had already taken care of everything—cleaned my desk, shredded all my printed documents, and removed any traces of tasks that were not assigned to me. All my ideas, plans for improvement, suggestions, and architectural documents that I had prepared for my new role were gone.</p>
<p>If someone were to walk in today and seize all the computers, they wouldn’t find anything that would explain how to manage the system without me. Diarmaid had stated on numerous occasions that my job was to keep the system alive and apply live patches. None of the knowledge remained anywhere. I had planned to form a team and push for a migration, but all that was gone.</p>
<p>Was all of this unprofessional or unethical? I would argue for both. The company would be within their rights to sue me, and they would win the case if anyone bothered to listen to me or look at all the collateral I had created. In not so many words, they told me to stop doing anything beyond my job. Still, I would have gone mad a long time ago if I had to come to work every day and stare at the wall, just waiting for the off chance that I was needed.</p>
<p>Instead, I involved myself in hundreds of projects, helping the developers and the team and doing whatever was necessary to keep my mind busy. I spent all my free time programming and creating software for the future, when one day, I would be asked to fix everything, save my company millions, and prove to everyone that I was a keeper.</p>
<p>All of this was gone, lost, purged from source control systems as if it had never existed. I kept everything to the contractual minimum, and everything else vanished.</p>
<p>Once upon a time, I had this grand idea of getting rid of our on-premise servers and migrating to the cloud. Unfortunately, that was incredibly complicated, mainly because the crucial part of our software was designed to run on mainframes, and nobody, including me, knew what it did because we had lost the source code.</p>
<p>With all the time I had and the help of ChatGPT, I created thousands of tests and data segments to model the inputs and outputs of a complex weighted state machine. I pushed it through the original software, which was a highly complex calculator that operated on a large set of numerical information representing airlines, flights, routes, planes, and prices. It would take all that information, chew through it in milliseconds, and return the data back, processed, sorted, and scored.</p>
<p>This technology was the foundation of the GDS global distribution system, which underpins transportation, the hotel industry, and many other large businesses. It was the key technology that enabled all the bookings for planes, hotels, trucks, trains, and more. In essence, if the software failed, the world would come to a halt, nothing would move, and we would go back to the classical age until it was fixed.</p>
<p>That’s why we needed mainframes for speed and the volume of information processed. With all the time in the world, I started from scratch, modelled inputs and outputs, and wrote thousands of tests, tweaking the algorithm. I was unable to reverse-engineer the code, concluding that it was impossible. However, I succeeded in writing a new set of algorithms that would take the same input and return the same result, taking a purely mathematical approach.</p>
<p>At first, I would get a massive deviation, but I got the perfect numbers after tweaking the code for over a year. I could get a sample from a live system and compare the results. The discrepancy was vanishingly slight, showing only every few million transactions and not by much.</p>
<p>A layman would call it artificial intelligence, but it was nothing even close to that. I made an expert system based on CLIPS, extended with a weighted statistical model. We kept the exabytes of audit log data with historic ins and outs. All I had to do was replay it inside my system, which would generate a blindingly fast code I could run straight on a CPU or Cuda core. It would scale like mad and be blindingly fast.</p>
<p>After failing to get it to a hundred per cent, I concluded there was a bug in the original software that was not present in my new algorithm. I used the opportunity to learn the Rust language to build a distributed system, but unlike the original mainframe developers, I had an opportunity to make the algorithm horizontally scalable, running on a swarm of commodity processor cores and graphics cards. It meant the system no longer needed mainframes, and everything could move into the cloud horizontally scaled with on-demand burstable capacity for peaks like Chrismas.</p>
<p>With all my enthusiasm peaked, I wrote hundreds of Terraform and Ansible scripts which would, at the press of a button, create from scratch a hybrid cloud solution using AWS and Azure for high-availability and data delivery purposes, bringing the core servers closer to zones where they were needed, thus fixing the latency issue we were unable to solve for years.</p>
<p>There were about fifty milliseconds of latency between the UK and the US. However, we cut it, and it was a terrible waste for the APIs at scale. It was the number one contention point between our software and our customers. Everything else was solvable, and over time, the dev teams came up with an intermediate layer serving initially proprietary data format, going to CORBA, going to SOAP, and ending with REST and JSON as the times changed.</p>
<p>We could do anything except change the software or move the mainframes. There was no appetite for doing that, and I found out why. The management teams knew for a fact that our client would never leave us.</p>
<p>The group’s CEO was getting a tax-free kickback straight into his offshore account. On top of it, there were no viable competitors. We had them by the balls. With a position like that, it was easy to feel complacent, which was why nobody listened to me. Our rolling contract was about to end in a year, and we would negotiate more money for a tech refresh, moving to the cloud, anything they wanted, and they would pay billions for that. The CEO would get his sweetener, and the world would be better.</p>
<p>I was the fool who thought he could save everyone, who wrote software and scripts that would do all this work in three days; how long it took for all the servers to instantiate, configure themselves, deploy all the software, and pass all the integration tests.</p>
<p>I could press a button and do everything I wanted, drinking coffee and browsing the internet. This also meant I would take away at least a year of work from the company and a billion dollars in charges we could suck out from the client. I wasn’t thinking straight; I was stuck in technology, not business.</p>
<p>It was gone, forgotten, deleted, and never spoken about again. My time in this company was ending, and yes, I was a disgruntled employee, but truth be told, it was my fault. I did it to myself. Despite the management being perfectly clear with me, I ignored them and went beyond the terms of my employment. They had all the rights and reasons to fire me, and the only reason they didn’t do it already was because they needed me.</p>
<p>This is why Dick wanted me to do a knowledge transfer. I wasn’t only the single point of failure but also a risk now since they wouldn’t give me the CTO job. I could just walk away, and it might be terrible. There would be nobody left to mitigate any potential problems that might happen. It would take them about a year to develop a new system, but the contract expiration was in a year, meaning they had to keep me and pay me like a king for at least two years. I was indispensable until I raised my head and asked for more.</p>
<p>The company would happily keep paying me for those two years, and when the system went live, they would absorb me into some team as a manager or something, but I was shooting for the stars, and they were displeased. This is where they devised a risk mitigation strategy of pairing me up with two bright programmers. I should have kept my head down, but I dared to stand up and demand something I wanted.</p>
<p>It was just past lunchtime when I went to the canteen, looking to have my usual baked potato with tuna mayonnaise and mushy peas. People shook their heads when they saw me eat that, and I agreed. Those words shouldn’t be used in one sentence, let alone eaten together, but I liked it. A long time ago, I calculated the caloric and nutritional values of this combination, and it fitted my metabolism perfectly. It is not too light and not too filling. It kept me going for the rest of the day.</p>
<p>I joined the long table with all the Indian senior engineers. Over the past two months, we have become good friends. They respected me, and I respected them. I used to work closely with their boss, who was a very competent techie. This helped establish my credentials with the guys, who grew to respect me, if not admire me.</p>
<p>Over time, they told me about their lives, families, kids, and wives. All of them missed them. The company would pay for one trip a year to India for a few weeks, then back. It was just too far and expensive to travel back and forth. All of them lived on the outskirts of London, four to a room or more, saving all the money they made to send home and keep their families well-maintained. They all sacrificed for a better future, and their kids missed them terribly. Not even a single one of them had a plan to stay in Europe.</p>
<p>I found it interesting how everyone loves the consumer society when they need to make money, but nobody plans to stay and make their home here. On the other hand, I was born in London, St Mary’s, like the future kings, and lived my entire life here, apart from a few years in Cambridgeshire, to get my master’s degree.</p>
<p>With nothing to do, I spent the rest of my day on my computer, tethered to my phone, and through VPN, fiddling with a personal project. Nothing was left to do anymore; I just had to wait for the right time to act. Patience was always my strong suit, and I practised it all the time.</p>
<p>When I called Lamin to pick me up, he told me about his talk with his sister and father. They agreed on the terms and a pro-forma marriage performed by some priest in a village, with nothing on paper. For all intents and purposes, we would be married, but without any legal document recognised by any government.</p>
<p>“What about the other thing we talked about?” I asked Lamin, and he confirmed it. If I helped clear his family’s name by marrying the black sheep and I paid him an equal salary, he would sign a five-year contract with me.</p>
<p>Amy waited for me in the lobby as usual, wearing the skimpiest white mini dress imaginable, ending mere inches below her crotch, and I knew she wore no panties. A single gust of wind or a careless move would expose her pussy to anyone who looked her way, especially as she stood tall in her fashionable sparkling white platform shoes.</p>
<p>She squealed and hugged me tight, to the sheer amazement and dismay of my Indian colleagues. At one moment, Amy accidentally dropped her phone and bent down to pick it up. All the guys gasped, having a direct view of her pussy and asshole. She smiled and waved at them, but the guys were too shocked for any kind of sensible response.</p>
<p>Only when we left and sat in the car did my work colleagues start to move, discussing something lively, gesticulating with their hands and shaking their heads.</p>
<p>Amy had a plan. She booked us a table in a fancy French restaurant with a great view of the city, great food, and fine wine. The maître d’ showed us to our table. I ordered some fine scotch as an aperitif and a bottle of wine. It was a romantic candlelit dinner, and Amy went all the way to make it feel special.</p>
<p>“I have a little gift for you,” she said with a naughty smile. When she was sure nobody was looking, she pulled the top of her dress down, exposing her two perfect pink nipples. I almost gasped. Rylee and Callie told Amy how much I liked playing with theirs, and she felt left out a little. So, one day, they went out together and got Amy’s nipples pierced.</p>
<p>“Do you like my pierced nipples, Daddy?” Amy asked with big eyes, making an innocent face. Who would have guessed that an eighteen-year-old shy little teenager would blossom into such a sex kitten? Amy was horny all the time. All she wanted to do was fuck and play sex games. With it, her fantasies grew and refined, turning a former shy girl into a full-blown exhibitionist nymphomaniac looking to get laid all the time.</p>
<p>“I think they are very sexy.” She took my hand into hers and placed something inside it. I took it back to look at it. It was a small white piece of plastic with a few buttons and a transmitter. Amy gave me a remote control for a vibrator she put inside her pussy when I wasn’t looking.</p>
<p>“I am yours, daddy. You can do anything you want with me.” What could a man say to that? The waiter brought us two plates and a fancy brass pot with a cream of mushroom soup inside and served it. I pressed the button on the remote control and set the buzz to max. I had to admit that eating the soup and watching a young woman squirm across the table was a lot of fun.</p>
<p>We made it through the dinner and two courses of desserts. Amy lost her appetite halfway through the food. Her eyes glazed, and she dabbed her forehead with a napkin.</p>
<p>“Are you alright, miss?” the waiter asked at one point, and she forced a smile at him. She was more than alright. Amy was electrified.</p>
<p>“We can’t go home until you finish everything,” I said, making it clear that we would stay there until she ate everything. There was something primally erotic about watching a woman on the edge of orgasm trying to eat fast to get out of the place and finally allow herself to cum.</p>
<p>“I don’t know about you, but I could use a nice walk after dinner,” I said, making a wicked grin.</p>
<p>“Please, Daddy,” she begged, looking at me with those big, blue, innocent eyes.</p>
<p>“Please, what, honey?”</p>
<p>“Daddy, please fuck me.”</p>
<p>“Come on, darling, just a little longer, and I promise, Daddy will fuck your pussy and fill it with sperm.” She hugged my arm, barely able to walk as we strolled through the streets of London at night. After some time, we came across St. Giles, a church with a small park outside. It used to be a meeting spot for junkies until they installed street lamps.</p>
<p>I sat on a wooden bench; that was all Amy could take. She grabbed my crotch, unzipped my pants, fished out my cock, and stuffed it into her mouth, sucking for dear life. As soon as I was hard enough, Amy pulled the vibrator out of her pussy and sat on my cock. She came almost immediately, sinking her teeth into my neck like a vampire and screaming into it.</p>
<p>That wasn’t nearly enough, merely an appetiser. Amy bounced up and down on my cock, moaning like a cheap whore, not caring who could hear it. In fact, it added to the excitement. To be seen copulating in public, the danger and the embarrassment only heightened her arousal, and she came again, but this time screaming loudly into the air.</p>
<p>I’ve been reading many books lately and watched some courses on orgasm control and how to extend my erection for longer. With regular sex, exercise, and the help of chemicals, I kept my testosterone high and my balls producing sperm like a teenager. I could come six times in a day. In fact, Tara trained my libido this way. She wouldn’t go to sleep until I blew at least six loads. She felt six times a day should be standard, with ten or twelve times at the peak. Tara made it her personal project to achieve that.</p>
<p>Many times, I heard various men say it was impossible, that they could ejaculate only once a day. I thought that was bullshit, and I proved it. A healthy reproductive system should function all day, and it is like building muscles or fat. If you train every day or eat too much, you will gain weight. The human body is a beautiful machine. It self-heals and adapts. I jumpstarted mine with methylates and the pro-testosterone pills and followed up with heavy weights, two hours, five times a week.</p>
<p>Did it work? Of course, it did. I was able to ejaculate six times a day at a minimum after a few months of training. Of course, it helped to have a willing sexual partner who took it as a personal failure if I didn’t do my best to try impregnating her every day. It made me realise that on some biological level, when you put all the social programming aside, women love when you desire them, fuck them, and cum inside them.</p>
<p>I was always meticulous, detail-oriented, and borderline compulsive. So when I started all this, I got myself tested. My sperm count was low, and I had a poor volume; my testosterone was at a deficient level, and my sperm motility was shockingly bad. I was only a few steps away from being sterile. My ex-wife and ex-life sterilised me from enjoying my life.</p>
<p>All of it changed after Tara arrived. My cock was constantly erect. My testosterone was through the roof, and I could ejaculate large amounts. For the last six months, if I ejaculated deep inside a woman’s pussy, it would leak out when I pulled out, even without her standing. Tara told me she always received a mouthful and had to swallow a few times. I was probably blasting out half a centilitre of sperm or more. Recently, I got my sperm checked, and the count was extremely high, with the motility at almost one hundred per cent. If I came into a river merging into a lake, all women bathing there would get pregnant, so much for the widespread belief that sperm dies in your forties. It was all nonsense. Use it or lose it, I said.</p>
<p>Amy started to move faster, hearing my rapidly increasing breath. I pinched her nipples, and she almost screamed. Then I pulled on her hips and thrust my cock deep inside. She came again purely from feeling my hot sperm erupt against her cervix, as well as the powerful throbbing sensation of a cock ejaculating with high pressure.</p>
<p>She finally stood up, and the sperm just ran out, landing on the ground. Her pussy, thighs, and legs were covered in cum. She giggled and kissed me on my cheek, saying, “Thank you, Daddy.”</p>
<p>I took Amy’s arm, and we found my car. She unzipped my trousers again and lazily sucked my cock all the way home, receiving another mouthful just as we arrived. She thanked me for a snack and returned to her apartment, leaving me at mine with Tara, who couldn’t wait. I came two times that day. Four more, and I would be allowed to sleep. Life is often a struggle, pain, and suffering, but as men, we keep a stiff upper lip and soldier through it without complaining and crying about it.</p>
<p>For almost a week, life went on the same way. I would go to work, sit and wait, then go home and spend time with my girls. The Americans wanted to go out, see everything, do everything, especially take me to musicals and watch plays. Tara and Amy joined us sometimes, and I finally discovered something Tara loved. Since she came to London, I tried to get Tara involved in something other than sex.</p>
<p>I had limited success getting Tara interested in a gym, but everything else was a bust. All of it changed when Tara saw her first ballet. She was enchanted, mesmerised. Tara stared at it with wide-open eyes, popping in amazement with her mouth gaping. I couldn’t understand why, but I didn’t care. I was happy she found something she resonated with deeply. It gave me hope that someday, she’d get another interest.</p>
<p>We were sitting in Amy’s living room one evening when a knock on the door came. It was Cassie. I couldn’t believe it. She greeted the girls and made a friendly chitchat for a few minutes before taking my hand and pulling me to my apartment.</p>
<p>There she was in front of me, looking at me like a hungry cat, licking her lips and pulling my necktie. She unbuttoned my shirt and pushed me onto the bed. No questions were necessary; I was too dumbstruck to ask any. I watched as the gorgeous evening dress slipped off her shoulders, leaving Cassie completely naked.</p>
<p>She knelt on the bed and walked on her knees, resembling a lioness. I was the mouse; I was the prey. Before I could even whimper, her lips were on mine, and our tongues wrestled. My hands had a mind of their own and found their way towards Cassie’s magnificent mammaries with extended long nipples.</p>
<p>Suddenly, I felt dry in my throat as my mouth watered. All I wanted to do was nurse on Cassie’s two perfect pink cones, but she gave me no chance. She slid down my body and stuffed my cock all the way into her throat, bobbing up and down, making my toes curl, and my thighs tremble.</p>
<p>All I could think of at that moment was bursting a big load down Cassie’s gullet, then flipping her around and riding her ass until my cock bent and broke. I was too shocked and excited to assert any sort of self-control over my natural responses. It took Cassie less than five minutes before my cock erupted like a burst water pipe, feeding her with a copious amount of fresh, hot nut butter. Cassie ate it all and swallowed, sucking my cock for a while after to savour the very last drop of the sperm I made for her.</p>
<p>My cock remained hard like a steel rod, ready for action. Angels don’t fall from the sky like this every day, and I was counting my blessings and saying my prayers. Cassie came up with a smile, and I rolled her on her back, knowing exactly what I had to do. I slid down, and the first time, it was a fluke that caught me by surprise, but not this time. I had enough opportunity to learn and practice, should the gods of the universe give me another chance.</p>
<p>Cassie moaned, arching her back and bending her hips to give me better access as my tongue started lapping her up. It took only a minute for her to cum. Cassie must have been horny as hell to come so easily and quickly. It would explain why she came to me. We already had sex a few times, and maybe she saw me as safe. There could be no doubt in anyone’s mind I was crazy for her, head to toe.</p>
<p>This was my chance to prove myself again, and I did that, eating Cassie’s pussy like mad. One, two, three orgasms and counting. She let me do my thing, holding her hands locked while I feasted on her clit, and she moaned. The poor girl was on fire, horny as hell. Her pussy was running with juices, and I lapped them all up. Screw the French restaurants or fine wines. I could eat that pussy for the rest of my life. I barely even noticed the numbness in my tongue.</p>
<p>Some thirty minutes in, but who’s checking time, I saw the telltale sign of an approaching monster. I pinned her down and doubled my efforts, and just a few minutes later, Cassie exploded with a scream. Her pussy convulsed so much that she almost prolapsed; her muscles squeezed like a vice and relaxed as she screamed.</p>
<p>This was the best show on the planet, and I had the front-row seats for the performance, watching Cassie cum, squeal, and tremble, fighting for her breath. I couldn’t guess why she visited me. I was hoping for this. Inside my head, I liked to imagine that my pussy eating technique was better than others, and she came for me. If only that were the case, I could guarantee she always returned and never left.</p>
<p>My cock was throbbing like mad as Cassie calmed down, so I mounted her and pumped, kneading her perfect fat tits with my hands. She looked into my eyes as I did that and smiled. She was messing with my head, as I could see love in her eyes. There was no way it was real, but I wanted it to be more than anything. Then we kissed.</p>
<p>I made love to Cassie slowly and urgently. She moaned and grunted as I stabbed her with my dick. In and out, I pumped, jackhammering my cock inside, squeezing her tits so hard that it must have hurt, but Cassie only rolled her eyes and gyrated her hips for more.</p>
<p>She came sometime later, then again, joining my scream or release with a hissing noise. My balls pulled back, and my cock pulsed as my sperm gushed out, painting her insides. I was breeding her in my mind. Oh god, how I wished that were true. It just turned me on more to imagine I was claiming this woman to be mine.</p>
<p>Cassie clearly had no objections about me having other women. In fact, she and the girls grew to be friends over time. Deep inside, I hoped the girls could convince her to join us, but nothing ever worked on Cassie. She was a woman with her own mind, plans, and priorities. No matter how hard I tried or whatever gambit I threw her way. Cassie would choose what to do, when, and how, and then reset the next day.</p>
<p>We lay like this, kissing and fondling, knowing we were nowhere close to the end. I fully intended to fuck Cassie through the night until she passed out, and I collapsed. If I died having sex with her, it would be the best death I could imagine.</p>
<p>Cassie felt my cock stir and grow big in her hands, and she bit my lip, smiled, then licked my face. I pushed her on her stomach, grabbed her hips in my hands and pulled her back. Her perfect pussy smiled at me, recently fucked, but not nearly enough.</p>
<p>I had a simple plan: destroy Cassie with sex tonight. I grabbed a fistful of her luscious hair, showed my cock into her and pulled, making her back arch and her lungs release air; then I rode her like a Comanche, rough, fast, and bareback.</p>
<p>The world became a blur as the night echoed with screams, moans and slaps. I fucked Cassie so hard that I was convinced she’ll get bruises on her ass. All of it turned into a jumbled mess inside my head, fucking, kissing, feeding her with my sperm, gnashing her tits, pulling her hair. Somewhere along the line, I even licked and fucked her asshole. All of it turned into haze. If someone arrested me and insisted to explain what happened, I wouldn’t know what to say.</p>
<p>When I opened my eyes, the sun was up, staring at me through the window, making me feel like a vampire. I looked around, and Cassie was gone. I would have thought I ingested some DMT and hallucinated everything, meeting the giants who made me imagine Cassie if it wasn’t for the bed. It was ruined, covered in sweat, piss, drool, cum and pussy juices. There was even some blood when Cassie bit my hand in orgasm, as I was hatefucking her hard.</p>
<p>I rolled on my back and smiled, thinking how blessed my life was. Cassie came to me on a whim, which must have meant something, no matter how little she wanted to show me. Despite her reset, some small feeling or thought about me remained. It was hope inside a box Pandora left for me. The day was shaping up like a dream.</p>
<p>I thought it was strange that Cassie came over like that. She usually avoided me or kept our interactions distant and friendly. Everything suddenly changed without any explanation.</p>
<p>Since that day, Cassie would visit me about twice a week. She would hang out with the girls, have friendly chitchat, and even join them in a round of table games like monopoly. I would sit on the sofa, watching a group of gorgeous women lying with their tummies on the plush carpet, talking and giggling, and rolling a dice.</p>
<p>After some time, or after a game, Cassie would come over to me and drag me into my apartment, and we would have harder and rougher sex each time. Like all the other girls I’ve been with, she preferred hard, rough sex over lovemaking. For some reason, Cassie loved to be spanked. It turned her on immensely. Often, I would put her across my knees and make her ass red before throwing her on all fours and fucking her doggie style. I would thrust my cock forcefully, grab her hips, watch her breasts sway in the mirror, and listen to her scream.</p>
<p>It was strange, but I didn’t complain. Somehow, Cassie had convinced herself that we were lovers. She was polite, friendly, and fun, but she would come over to have sex, take a shower, and then leave. She had convinced herself that I was a friend she could trust and use as a live body to have sex with whenever she felt horny, and I wouldn’t complain.</p>
<p>There was something fundamentally wrong with Cassie and many other women as well. I really needed to figure it out. If for nothing else, then for my own sanity and peace of mind. I needed to learn the hooker game.</p>

</body>
</html>
