<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 35 - African drums</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 35 - African drums</h2>
<p>The sound of the drums added to the festive atmosphere. It was an essential part of the traditional Gambian wedding experience. An entire village was invited to witness the Mawlānā perform the ceremony. Neneh accepted; I accepted. And we were married.</p>
<p>Suddenly, in the eyes of everyone gathered, Neneh Jallow wasn’t that lesbian girl anymore, but my wife. Her duty was to represent me, and her honour was my honour. To disrespect her or her family would mean they were disrespecting me, a man who travelled across the continents to take a woman as my wife. It was the last thing the traditional people would dare to do.</p>
<p>The Muslim priest performing the ceremony was also the chief of the village. I had met him before and gifted a flock of goats to sacrifice and bless the marriage with enough leftovers to feed the entire village. The man had an honest look in his eyes and thanked me with all his heart. Without anyone knowing, I spent a few thousand more and hired people to build an extension to a local school as a gift to the village.</p>
<p>The butcher prepared the meat early in the morning according to Muslim traditions, and the priest said the prayer. The goats were grilled on an open fire, and most of the village witnessed the pride of Neneh’s parents. All was forgiven, and all was forgotten. They were elevated. Her parents felt like kings for the day.</p>
<p>All I had to do was look into Neneh’s eyes to see how much it meant to her. I couldn’t even see her brother’s face. Lamin covered it with his hands and cried. What I did saved his family from more than poverty. It gave them their face back. I could tell Neneh’s heart was churning from the pain she caused everyone.</p>
<p>“Thank you, husband,” she said, holding my hand tight, never letting it go. I’ve never seen such fervour in someone’s eyes. All the girls that chose to be with me decided to be mine, but not like Neneh. There was no second thought there, plan, or agenda. For all intents and purposes, that woman was mine. Somehow, I had a feeling if I ordered her to jump into a fire, she would do it and thank me for the opportunity. That was some hardcore upbringing and training from the beginning.</p>
<p>I finally understood everything. Like many Westerners, I grew up with prejudice against Muslim people. The blue-haired feminists were talking bullshit. I was willing to bet none of them ever lived amongst Muslims, either. What I saw in Neneh was a dedication so strong that it would be impossible for a man to not respect her or ever abandon her. When someone looks at you like that, you are bound to that person, love or not. The strength, the commitment, the purity, and on top of it all, Neneh was gorgeous and also a virgin. What did any Western people, including myself, know about that? It was admirable and worthy of respect.</p>
<p>The party went on till dawn. Somewhere along the line, I was too tired and took my new wife to the house. We stripped naked and washed before lying on the bed, too exhausted to even think, but sleep wouldn’t come instantly.</p>
<p>As I lay on my back, Neneh wrapped herself around my side and explored my body with her fingers. Seeing that I wasn’t protesting, she took my cock into her hand and weighed it, looked at it, examined it. She had never seen a penis before and was intrigued. Somewhere along the line, my eyes closed, and I drifted asleep.</p>
<p>The following day started with your typical village life and the sound of birds making a ruckus. Neneh was already up and packing when I opened my eyes. Immediately, she came to the bed and hugged me.</p>
<p>“Good morning, husband,“ she chirped, and we kissed. It was a good thing we liked each other. I remembered the moment we first met. All her pictures and videos didn’t do her justice. Neneh was one of those people who looked great in photographs and absolutely stunning in real life. She was tall with long legs and arms, long thin fingers, and an almost surreal narrow waist.</p>
<p>Neneh had a long neck, a pretty face with perfect symmetry, an ideal nose, big eyes, and kissable lips. She had a nice bubble butt, and her breasts were a bit on the larger side, with big nipples, all of them perky. What else could anyone expect from a girl in her prime at eighteen? As much as we could appreciate a young Naomi Campbell at her best, she couldn’t even compare to Neneh’s looks. No wonder all the single men wanted to marry her, and only the stigma of her past kept her chaste. She was a rare find.</p>
<p>I came out of the washroom to see Neneh putting on a plaster. She had cut herself and smeared her blood all over the white bedsheets. She looked at me and smiled. I waved her over and embraced her waist, and she melted into my arms, offering her lips for a kiss.</p>
<p>Soon after, a car arrived. We hugged and said our goodbyes. It drove us to the docks, and we boarded a boat. It was easier this way than driving, taking us only about thirty minutes on the Gambia River from Darussalam to Banjul, the capital, where another car met us and took us to the airport.</p>
<p>Lamin went with us all the way, ensuring we left the country okay. I watched a profoundly emotional moment when the brother and sister hugged and said goodbye to each other. He then shook my hand and embraced me. We were a family now, joined by his sister’s marriage.</p>
<p>It was an expensive and arduous flight with multiple stops. The first one was in Freetown, Sierra Leone, where we caught the connecting one to Accra in Ghana. From there, we flew to Addis Ababa in Ethiopia, where we caught our final connection to Dubai, our destination, just over sixteen hours end to end. It made me understand why Lamin visited his family so rarely. The Gambia seemed like it was at the edge of the planet.</p>
<p>I had never visited Dubai before, so when the taxi picked us up, I was almost as excited as Neneh. Her eyes were everywhere. She had never flown on a plane before and loved the experience. Everything was new to her, the people, the big cities. Her eyes were as big as saucers.</p>
<p>In Dubai, it didn’t matter where you came from, your religion, skin colour, or culture. All was there, right on Neneh’s face. She was just a young girl looking forward to her life. Everything else was a facade, a mask atop a mask of all the garbage, but deep inside, we were all the same. We feel, we love, we cry, we die. We live this life to the best of our abilities.</p>
<p>This was proof that I made the right call to book a room at Burj Al Arab, the iconic hotel that looked like a sail, which was seen on almost every Instagram of whoever visited Dubai. The only difference is that you never see the pictures from the inside. The starting price of a thousand dollars per day was pretty steep for most people, but I wanted the room for my own purposes.</p>
<p>“Oh, god! This is so wonderful, husband,” Neneh said with her melodious African accent. She wore an exquisite black and white boubou in a sort of smeared checkerboard pattern, looking like it was photographed at high speed. On her head, she wore some kind of marching white scarf with a black sewn-in design, making her look like an African princess who came to inspect the world at her knees. Neneh seemed beautiful and proud, going through the rooms and examining everything.</p>
<p>“I thought our first time should be special,” I said, and Neneh ran into my arms, hugging me tight and kissing me all over. Sometimes, people see those of different cultures as being different. People are the same everywhere. Neneh acted from her heart like anyone would. She didn’t want to marry that other guy, and destiny intervened in the form of her brother talking with me. We spoke through video calls before we met, and we liked each other, and now we were husband and wife, just without papers.</p>
<p>I would never make the same mistake as with Tina, my ex-wife. Neneh knew that; she knew I had other girls, and none mattered. When she kissed that girl, people thought she was a lesbian, but none of that was true. Neneh grew up with a powerful sex drive and just wanted to experiment and fulfil some of her fantasies.</p>
<p>Neneh and I got pretty close since her brother introduced us, and she confided in me, sharing her sexual proclivities as well as her fantasies. Sometimes, I laughed, telling her she would fit right in with the rest of my women. She almost burst into tears from laughter when I told her some stories of Amy’s escapades. It just turned her on further. All Neneh wanted was to get rid of her virginity and get laid.</p>
<p>“Are you hungry?” I asked, and she smiled.</p>
<p>“I am starving.”</p>
<p>“Let’s take a shower and have a nice meal.” We got into the bathroom together and disrobed. Neneh’s eyes were focused on my cock.</p>
<p>“It is beautiful,” she said, and I almost laughed.</p>
<p>“Would you like to suck it?”</p>
<p>“Yes! Oh, yes, but I don’t know how.” Neneh was raised in a small religious place without a mobile phone or any access to the internet. Most women in the village had their clitoris removed when they were little, so they couldn’t get sexually aroused like her or even masturbate. They couldn’t feel any sexual pleasure.</p>
<p>Neneh’s father was a good man who loved his daughter, and he would never allow something like that to happen to her. It cost him years of misery and pain, and people pointed out it was all his fault. If he let his daughter go through vaginal circumcision, she would have never kissed the other girl, and she wouldn’t have destroyed their reputation. It was a misery for everyone involved, most of all for his oversexed daughter.</p>
<p>We soaped and washed each other and massaged our bodies. I could see Neneh’s eyes glaze. She was horny as hell. It was good, and I liked it this way. The hornier she got, the more memorable her first time would be, so we dressed up, and I led her downstairs.</p>
<p>Adjoining the hotel was the Souk Madinat Jumeirah, a traditional Arabic-style open-air shopping mall with tens of dozens of little stores selling anything imaginable, from candy to carpets. We walked around the place, admiring everything. Neneh’s eyes were restless. Her mind tried to absorb it all, suck it all in.</p>
<p>We came across a women’s fashion store selling all kinds of traditional wear. The saleswoman smiled, seeing a boubou Neneh wore. It looked incredible.</p>
<p>“Do you have something that would fit her?“ I asked, and the woman rushed to the back. She returned with an exquisitely made abaya, the simple black robe Muslim women use to cover themselves, except this one was done with the utmost care and love and stitched with golden thread in an intricate pattern. With it, she brought a black hijab and a scarf to cover one’s hair and neck. It was made with gold print or something similar, featuring a traditional Arabic design.</p>
<p>I sent Neneh to change, and when she got out, she looked like an angel—so gorgeous and pure. I couldn’t stop staring at her. The saleswoman seemed to share the same view. She didn’t say anything, but the look in her eyes was sufficient.</p>
<p>The woman went into the back and brought more black and gold designs. Never before did I appreciate the beauty of simple robes like that. They were exquisite, like plain wrapping for a Christmas present with a gold bow tie, and they fit Neneh perfectly. She was made to wear robes like that.</p>
<p>At first, I thought Neneh’s African boubou looked fashionable, so colourful, so in-your-face, and I thought she looked gorgeous. Not anymore. Who could have guessed you could make something more beautiful by taking things away? It was subtle and magical.</p>
<p>“I’ll take them all. Can you please deliver this to Burj Al Arab,“ and I gave a room number. It wasn’t cheap. I was surprised at how expensive the simple clothes could get. Neneh wore one and left her boubou to be delivered with the rest.</p>
<p>Immediately as we walked out, I noticed everyone looking at us, or rather at Neneh, who walked like a princess. Suddenly, everyone showed more interest. The subtlety changed everything, and she walked a step behind me like a traditional wife. I smiled at her, and she smiled at me.</p>
<p>As soon as we found a restaurant to eat at, the waiter almost bowed. He gave us their best table, while another brought a foldable wooden partition so my wife could take off her hijab and nobody would be able to watch her eat.</p>
<p>The entire city looked exquisite. I had heard so much about Dubai, but I never expected this level of indulgence. Perhaps it just struck a chord—the weather, the smell, the opulence. The entire Madinat Jumeirah was built like Venice on an artificial set of canals. No expenses were spared in creating this oasis of opulence.</p>
<p>I climbed on top of Neneh, and our bodies touched. She gasped before our lips met, and my hands roamed her smooth, warm skin, squeezing her breasts and rubbing her nipples. I could see that Neneh was clearly on cloud nine, pushing her head backwards and closing her eyes.</p>
<p>She gave me access to her long, beautiful neck, and I sunk my teeth into it like a beast, ready to devour it. Life is like a box of chocolates, as the famous line from the movie says. I was taking my time with the perfect chocolate morsel of mine, kissing her lower, tracing some symbols with my tongue. It was the ancient language of love from the beginning of time.</p>
<p>When my lips went down, Neneh’s entire body trembled and shivered. One gentle touch of my tongue was all it took to bring her over the threshold, and she screamed. Neneh’s trembling legs squeezed, trapping my head with her thighs. She hissed and squealed as a powerful orgasm took her, and she gyrated her hips, asking for more.</p>
<p>What’s a man to do? I feasted on her pussy, tasting her musky delight, rubbing her throbbing clit up and down with my tongue, savouring the way she tasted. Neneh’s screams came in relentless waves, high pizzicato crowning the longer melodies. The urgency and sheer potency of the moment surprised me and forced me onwards.</p>
<p>“Please, oh please, fuck me,“ Neneh’s words broke through the moans. No matter how often she came, she wasn’t sated, wishing for something she had dreamt of for ages. What’s a man to do but the husband’s duties? A measure of a man is his stoic endurance as he suffers silently through adversities. It was time for me to be that man.</p>
<p>I moved up until my body towered above her, suspended by my arm. Our eyes met, and she sighed, feeling the bulbous head of my cock part her innermost folds. I rocked my body in and out, knocking ever so lightly against her front door.</p>
<p>Neneh’s eyes softened as her gaze locked on to mine. She bit her lip and nodded slightly in a slight sight of encouragement. That’s all it took to give me a start. In one decisive move, I extended my body, sticking my cock all the way inside, ripping her maidenhead like it was made of wet paper, lodging the head of my cock against her cervix and waiting.</p>
<p>She squealed and quivered, stuck her nails in my back and pulled as her thighs trembled and her toes curled. Neneh’s eyes rolled back, leaving her neck open to the attack, and I bit into it again, adding a gurgle to the scream escaping her lips as she buckled.</p>
<p>One stroke, one orgasm. Neneh was so prepped and so aroused, dreaming about it since puberty, expecting it all her life, the moment she stopped being a girl to become a woman who had sex with her husband. In one fell stroke, I ended her childhood, ripping her virginity asunder. I consumed this marriage like the traditions planned, claiming Neneh for the rest of our lives.</p>
<p>It would be a great time to stop and reflect on life if I wasn’t interrupted by Neneh’s increased moves. She froze a little at first, ridding her orgasm, but as soon as it ebbed away, she started begging for more. Her body took control of her mind, pushing it aside, asking and begging for more, feeling a new kind of fullness for the first time.</p>
<p>I slowly pulled back and pushed in, just to be rewarded by a moan and a sigh. In and out, I moved, picking up speed, before I was punching my cock into her with high speed like a jackhammer, a roaring engine pistoning at high revs. Gone were the moments of one-sided pleasure. After Neneh’s first orgasm, I chased mine.</p>
<p>With brutal abandon, without mercy or regret, I stabbed my cock into Neneh’s pussy like a rabbit on coke. There was just something nasty, primal, primordial, turning my brain into a mindless troglodyte. All I could think off is taking my pleasure, ripping her pussy apart with merciless smacking of my cock. High-speed deep strokes it was precisely what the doctor ordered. I took it out on Neneh and her insatiable pink folds.</p>
<p>I felt her cum, then cum once more, but I didn’t stop or even watch. The thunder came all the way from my toes, climbing up my legs into my balls and further until I screamed aloud, squeezing her breasts in my hands. My cock twitched, shooting out the sperm bullets. It was a nine-shooter, nine thick wads of sperm spraying her insides, right against her cervix, pushing my cum directly into her womb.</p>
<p>Neneh joined in with my screams, adding her own wails and pants. My cock was still hard and erect, and we weren’t done yet. I let my orgasm ride, and her pussy slid until my vision cleared and I could breathe again; then I pumped. I fucked her hard without any plans to stop. It would be a long night where I would set the bar high, turning my wife into an insatiable nymphomaniac. That’s what I liked.</p>

</body>
</html>
