<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 36 - Strange encounter</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 36 - Strange encounter</h2>
<p>I opened my eyes, feeling fantastic. The sunshine broke through the windows into the room. I could live this way, I thought. Then my eyes fell and focused on my wife’s smiling face. She was kneeling between my legs, naked, smiling, watching my morning erection grow.</p>
<p>Instantly, without a word, she slipped down and put my cock into her mouth and sucked. It felt so light and gentle that she obviously didn’t know how to do that. Neneh was worried about hurting me with her teeth, so she applied only the lightest pressure. Her mouth felt like hot feathers.</p>
<p>I would have stopped her and taught her how to do it better, but combined with my arousal and her innocence, she was already doing quite well. So I smiled at her, and our eyes met. Neneh could sense I was enjoying myself, so she increased her efforts and had me at the edge. One, two, three, and here we go again. My cock twitched inside her mouth, erupting hot sperm like a geyser.</p>
<p>She knew what to do with it now, so she sucked and swallowed it all until my cock started to go soft. Then, she resumed her initial efforts until the last drop.</p>
<p>“Mmm, this is how to wake up,” I commented. Neneh smiled at me, acting like I gave her a trophy or something.</p>
<p>“I will do it for you every day, husband.” I could tell she meant that; I wanted to tell her how it was unnecessary. Then I changed my mind and told her that I would love it. Both were factual statements, but the one I chose was better. It was going to be a good day.</p>
<p>Neneh washed me, and I washed her in return. On the way out of the shower, I noticed blood on the white linen. It took me a second to realise where it came from, almost forgetting that last night, Neneh was still a virgin.</p>
<p>It was going to be a busy day. Neneh put on another abaya and a different hijab. She saw how much I liked it and how people looked at her wearing it, so she decided it would be how she dressed to honour our marriage. I led her downstairs, and we had an excellent breakfast. Neneh had lived all her life in a small place on the outskirts of Darussalam, and she could never even imagine splendour like that. Even for someone like me who grew accustomed to five-star hotels, the breakfast at Burj Al Arab was much better.</p>
<p>The car arrived and was waiting for us. The driver, Iqbal, was a Syrian immigrant from Aleppo. He moved to Dubai when NATO and friends decided to liberate them from the oppressive government by bringing democracy like they did in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya, Vietnam, and so many other places.</p>
<p>Iqbal was a middle-aged man who was well-spoken and well-presented, looking healthy and vital. He spoke excellent English as well as his native Arabic, which I thought might come in handy. Iqbal knew Dubai like the back of his hand. Iqbal liked to talk and act as a tourist guide with a little smile. He was a likeable character.</p>
<p>The first order of business was to meet with a friend of a friend. An Arab guy I knew from The Chamber had one of his acquaintances, a Dubai local, willing to rent out his villa quite affordably with a view to selling it. Because of its price, the place remained unsold for a very long time. It was one of the landmark developments, right at the end, at the tip of one of the palm leaves, touching the sand, going for an asking price of messily twenty-seven million dollars and change.</p>
<p>The diver took us to the Palm Jumeirah, less than ten minutes’ drive from where we stayed. I knew nothing about Dubai, but I already loved this place, and living close to Burj Al Arab, Madinat Jumeirah, and Jumeirah Beach seemed to me to be a distinct benefit.</p>
<p>“This is an artificial island built for rich people,” Iqbal started, telling us about the genesis of the place. Apparently, the Palm Jumeirah was one of the most exclusive developments in Dubai, not because of glitz and glamour but because of quiet, exclusive living. The place was centrally located, a stone’s throw away from the Mall of Emirates, good restaurants, the beach, and entertainment, as if the new Dubai grew around it. The city planners designed it to be perfect.</p>
<p>Ahmad waited for us at the building, wearing a white kandurah, the UAE national robe. He stood next to his screaming red Lykan HyerSport by W Motors, a company he was invested in. Ahmad smiled and shook my hand, barely acknowledging the driver or Neneh. He fiddled with the keys and the security code at the gate before taking us inside.</p>
<p>To call it a villa would be inaccurate. It was a modern three-story rectangular building made with glass, concrete, and marble, white outside and white inside, clearly basking in brightness and sunshine as its most prominent feature. The place had clean, straight, modern lines, polished white stone floor tiles, white marble, and white leather furniture with gold and silver accents. Someone with impeccable taste knew exactly how far to push it before the place looked sterile.</p>
<p>They used flowers, bushes, and palm trees outside to bring the environment in rather than clutter the house with all sorts of nonsense. The place was airy, fresh, and breathable. It made me feel like I was on a beach instead of inside.</p>
<p>Outside, a long pool some fifteen feet wide encircled the building like some modern-age mote, seamlessly blending with the white sand outside that ended in azure blue waters. I was pretty sure if I had a rock, I could throw it that far as the sea was no more than thirty yards away.</p>
<p>“You can have the house for a month. Enjoy yourself. Do let me know if you decide to buy it.” Ahmad said after finishing his tour. We shook hands, and he left. I watched him open the engine and listened to the Lykan roar away.</p>
<p>“What a car.”</p>
<p>“Did you say something?”</p>
<p>“I was just jealous of the car.” Neneh giggled and went inside to rummage through the house. I went on the patio right by the sand, sat on a comfortable, soft outdoor sofa and put my legs up, watching Dubai in the distance across what seemed like a mile of water. “I could get used to this,” I said to no one, then chuckled and stretched my arms. Yep, I loved this place. It had all that I liked about California and none of the things I disliked.</p>
<p>I did a lot of research about Dubai, including the economy, taxation, and legal system. It was a safe haven for people with a crazy amount of money or those starting offshore businesses. Neneh found me about ten minutes later and brought me a glass of cold water.</p>
<p>“There is nothing else in the house.” I drank it and pulled her hand. She lost her balance and landed in my arms, giggling like a child.</p>
<p>“How do you like this place?”</p>
<p>“Oh, I love it. It’s fit for a king.” It was, indeed, when I thought about it. I didn’t even bother counting the bedrooms. I thought about a dozen, somewhere in that ballpark, three stories of luxury living right at the tip of an elongated artificial island with incredible and breathtaking views.</p>
<p>“Come on, let’s get some stuff.” I pulled Neneh’s hand, and we went back into the car. I instructed Iqbal to take us to the Mall of Emirates. It was a gorgeous luxury place with everything a mind could imagine. First things first, I found an electronics store and bought Neneh a brand-new iPhone. She knew how to use a mobile phone but never had one. Her father was so strict he didn’t allow her access to the internet. I set her up over a cup of coffee with a Dubai number, and Instagram wired it all up and explained what’s what.</p>
<p>I pulled back later as we got into Carrefour downstairs. I pushed the trolley, but Neneh chose everything—food, primarily fruits, cleaning liquids, and so on. I noticed no toilet paper. They used water instead. Each toilet had a little douche used for that purpose. They were much more hygienic to use than paper. Little things like that made me feel uncivilised. It was as if the West jumped straight to a digital age before figuring out how to clean our own asses.</p>
<p>We cared for technology, style, and wealth but little about the culture. A museum here and there to feed the curious, but even here in this modern place, I could see endless cultural references. Arabs were proud of their heritage, while we in the West did our best to erase it and replace even the simplest concepts like mother and father with some other nonsense. The rest of the world was building monuments, and we were tearing them down. Sometimes, I wondered if it was because we were ashamed of ourselves. Certainly, we had plenty to be ashamed of, least of all the endless conflicts.</p>
<p>Just in my lifetime, we managed to murder and displace millions of people in the name of freedom and democracy and even celebrated instead of jailing the murderous, warmonger pigs in high seats that flat-out lied to their people. No wonder some world politicians referred to the West as the empire of lies.</p>
<p>While we were busy debating how many penises a woman should have, the world was busy developing its arts, culture, and science, leaving the barbarians behind them. No wonder the rich were fleeing the sinking ship called “the West.”</p>
<p>About three million people live in Dubai, with only ten per cent being Emiratis. However, all the Western press had to say about them was how poorly they treated their labourers. They failed to point out that those labourers signed up for this hard work, fleeing the much worse situation at home, sometimes caused by our bombs. Like Iqbal, the taxi driver who used to have his own business in Aleppo. Unfortunately, we brought him freedom and democracy, so he and his family were left with nothing.</p>
<p>Perhaps I was a little starstruck with the place, the climate, the opulence, all the exotic things bombarding my senses, or I was a bit jaded with the West. I had plenty of opportunity to see pain and misery back home. The grass always seems greener elsewhere, or the sand softer in Dubai’s case. Still, one thing was undeniable—the Emiratis did well for their people. They supported and enriched them, making their lives better. Isn’t that the whole point of government?</p>
<p>Back home, we never referred to the government as “us.” They were always “them,” the members of the permanent class of the ruling elite, an impenetrable group of people so detached from everyone else that they might as well have been from another planet. No wonder the commoners referred to some as pigfuckers.</p>
<p>I couldn’t help but notice the glaring differences between the places. They were so obvious and in-your-face, like little needles stabbing my eyes. No amount of positive thinking or creative justification, explanation, or outright bullshit was able to cover that and convince me that the West was the first world and the rest was not.</p>
<p>While we busied ourselves with utter nonsense, the world has moved on and left us behind. Looking at Dubai, one can’t help but realise that the wealth has long since left Western shores, apart from a few tiny pockets like Monaco. But the West was done. Just try walking at night through the streets of the Bronx or moving into the capital of knife crime. Seen from the Mall of Emirates with snow and an artificial ski slope in the middle of the desert, you get the message loud and clear. They were laughing at us.</p>
<p>Rats were fleeing the ship, New York, the City of London, and setting up their shops elsewhere. Nobody ever moved to Brussels to start their empire. The seat of the European Union was often lauded by the press as a shining beacon of integration, a blueprint for all nations of Europe to join hands and work together. No wonder the UK left. Has anyone ever been to Brussels? Political turmoil, strife, rampant prostitution and crime, uncontrollable immigration and homelessness, apathy and helplessness. But hey, look, here’s some chocolate. It will all be okay as long as you don’t look that way.</p>
<p>The only thing propping the West’s hegemony was its military posturing, but even that was just smoke and mirrors with politicians huffing and puffing, drumming their chests like gorillas and screaming NATO. We saw it in action in Afghanistan when they ran like a bunch of pussies, and people fell from the planes. Those we betrayed and left to die. After twenty years of posturing, what message did we send? The mighty alliance lost the war to a bunch of illiterate villagers. They threw billions into Ukraine. Half a million dead Ukrainian soldiers later and two million wounded, what did we have to show for it? Nobody took us seriously anymore, even Africa, who showed us the finger.</p>
<p>This is what happens when, for decades, you act like a bully and build an image of an oppressor. New generations of people are born and grow up with hate for us, and of course, they just wait for the right moment. Looking at all of this in the Emirates, it was like someone switched on the light. We weren’t just sliding; we were done.</p>
<p>The West was finished. Even the Saudis joined BRICS, putting their oil on the table and pricing it in Yuan instead of the dollar. India, the recently most populous nation in the world, was coming out of poverty into a modest middle-class living, and what have we done in the West? Decided that it is hate when lesbians refuse to have sex with women that have penises and call them TERFs to shame them, take a beloved child stories writer and send her death threats because she dared to say there is such a thing as a biological woman? Western contribution to the world at large was self-evident. No wonder nobody wanted to have anything to do with that.</p>
<p>All of it hit me at once. I read and followed, but actually, being in the Emirates and seeing the world with my own two eyes, all of it sank in and connected. I was raised to believe that we were the best. Our colonial past, the rule of law, democracy, and all that I learned was great about my country proved to be, at best, outdated and, at worst, a steaming pile of manure. Just try getting into an NHS surgery. It looks like a MASH unit with field medics, so could you even get an appointment?</p>
<p>After my divorce, when I moved, I had to register with a different surgery closer to my new place. It took me four weeks to get an appointment with an administrative nurse to register, and then four weeks later, I got the NHS letter. When I had the flu and was feeling unwell, they told me the earliest I could see a doctor was in four weeks.</p>
<p>“What if it is something serious?”</p>
<p>“Call the emergency and go to the hospital.” Does this sound like a functioning medical service or one that’s turned to shit and just waited for someone to notice?</p>
<p>We knew the game. Our beloved politicians were purposely ruining it so they could make a case for privatising it and selling it to the highest bidder, pocketing cash in legal bribes through their offshore Cayman Island businesses. Someone should update the Oxford dictionary to say that the word government expanded to a synonym for a crime syndicate. Whether it was getting your dick sucked in the Oval Office or having COVID parties at Number Ten while arresting people for trying to see their dying parents. It was a fucking embarrassment.</p>
<p>Of course, I was angry and bitter. I resented what the parasites did to my country. Decades of political misadventures, incompetence, or deliberate mismanagement have turned the place I once loved, even revered, into something I was ashamed of. Still, I loved London, my home, my country, and I was upset and torn when I saw how it slid into practical poverty. While some nations join hands and pull together for everyone’s benefit, the only thing we learned to do was become more divisive and signal virtue to each other, making us even more isolated.</p>
<p>I heard people say, “It will get better,” over and again, but I never saw that better future materialise. Perhaps it was my fault to passively sit and wait for someone to make it for me, for all of us, while others took the matter into their own hands. If you’re not moving forward, you are sliding backwards.</p>
<p>Truer words were never spoken, and they came from the mouth of my friend, Jack. I never thought they would apply to a broader context, and we as a nation lifted our hands into the air. We surrendered to the apathy and stopped even voting. One just had to look at the general election turnout to understand how little people cared. Each year, fewer people voted. It was a vote of no confidence by the populace, confirming that whoever we voted for didn’t matter because they were all the same.</p>
<p>What was the point anyway? They’ll count the votes, congratulate themselves, and continue with their mandate like nothing ever happened. The only difference is that they would have another excuse for their own incompetence. “We inherited a mess. It takes time to fix it.” It was a popular song they sang, an evergreen. We all know the words by heart, but I was tired of listening to them.</p>
<p>One might wonder why did it matter? How did it personally relate to me? It was the system created through apathy focused on affirmative action and equity that marginalised men for the sake of some misguided ideology. Tina was allowed to take my children, turn my boys into women, and be applauded for being a responsible parent. I was deemed to be an abusive husband without a single proof. They didn’t even bother investigating it; they just took her word for it. We made this system through our inaction, and I carried a part of that guilt.</p>
<p>Intersectionality became the word of the day, creating a hierarchy of perceived oppression. The more oppressed, the better. There is just so much a person can take before blowing a gasket and walking away. I reached that point when my kids were taken, and despite all my pleas for help, nobody cared, nobody listened to my prayers, and nobody wondered if I was okay. No wonder so many men felt betrayed and marginalised. I didn’t want to raise my boys in the world like that and explain to them why they had to become girls without someone even trying to talk to them or ask them how they really felt.</p>
<p>Neneh was done shopping, and I pushed the trolley out, paid for everything, and asked them to deliver it. As I was about to pay, the cashier asked me if I wanted to have my shopping delivered. It was a brilliant concept, and I readily agreed. Neneh and I walked around for a bit, and I kept noticing the people staring at her. She was tall, and it was how she walked with so much grace, wearing the most beautiful hijab I saw anywhere. We stopped at a restaurant and had a nice lunch before it was time for me to continue with my day.</p>
<p>Iqbal dropped Neneh home just in time to receive the deliveries. I waited until the truck left, and then Iqbal drove me to a new free trade zone named Dubai Silicon Oasis. I did all my research and found the right contacts who introduced me to some people to help turn my business plan into reality.</p>
<p>The man in a white kandurah introduced himself as Omar. We spoke over the phone before to discuss some preliminaries.</p>
<p>“It is good to put a face to a name,” Omar said, and we shook hands. His English was perfect, and it was easy to tell he was Western-educated. He handed me some brochures about the free zone and went into a spiel, telling me all the benefits and positive sides of starting a business at the Silicon Oasis. “It is a perfect fit, Jim.”</p>
<p>Free zones were inspired concepts. You could open a company that would work exclusively within free zone limits and have a hundred per cent foreign ownership. Most other companies operating inside the Emirates had to have at least fifty-one per cent ownership by a national. A foreign business couldn’t just enter the UAE and start selling its goods, but it was possible within the confines of the free zone.</p>
<p>“The only limitation you have is that you can’t sell anything on the territory of UAE,” Omar explained. This restricted my trade to only the clients from other countries, but on the flip side, there was no tax to pay. Whatever money my business made was pure profit. I could just pay it out to myself as dividends and pay no tax. I loved how that sounded.</p>
<p>This offer was clearly tailored to medium and large businesses. There were costs associated with a minimum number of square meters of office rent for each firm employee. It was a different form of taxation, paying rent instead of percentage costs. The key was finding the right balance between how many people you needed onshore or within the UAE and how many offshore. It made perfect sense.</p>
<p>We had a quick break before Omar took me around to show me the offices, facilities, cafes, restaurants, and such. They built a lovely place to work with hundreds of people already milling about, taking care of their own business. It was perfect.</p>
<p>“Let’s sit down for a minute,” Omar suggested as we passed a restaurant. Immediately, a waiter showed up carrying cups and plates with sweets. “This is Arabic coffee and the best baklava you’ve tried.” I smiled and took a bite. It was true that Arabs kill you with kindness and hospitality, and Omar was a gracious host. I could see he was enjoying it. It wasn’t just a sales tactic, but the man was proud of his place, the work he did, and helping me achieve my dream.</p>
<p>“Where do I sign?” I chuckled after having a sip of coffee. The man smiled and lifted his hand. Immediately, a secretary appeared out of nowhere with a golden fountain pen and a bunch of printed documents.</p>
<p>“I must give it to you, Omar. You know how to close.” The man watched me sign and laughed.</p>
<p>“My mother was Egyptian.” It must have been a cultural joke, as I missed the punch line. Still, I could appreciate the attempt. A man approached us, and Omar introduced me to another assistant. “Abdul will help you with everything. Whatever you need, he can sort it out for you.”</p>
<p>Omar excused himself, shook my hand, and then he was gone. Abdul sat on the other chair, helped me understand what I signed, and explained the process. He would help me with everything I needed, including corporate and personal bank accounts, visas, and work permits, for me and all my future employees.</p>
<p>After I finished my coffee, he took me up and showed me around, helping me choose my offices. I took five small ones designed for two people and a larger one for ten, working on an open plan with enough space for all the whiteboards and flip charts. With this, I got a separate glass room with a large desk, a dozen chairs, and a massive Microsoft video conferencing system.</p>
<p>“I would need some computers,” I said, and Abdul jumped to attention.</p>
<p>“Just send me what you need, sir, and I’ll handle it. That was some first-class service. I promised to send him the complete inventory list within a few days. All the major suppliers were there. I wanted to spec out twenty ThinkPads, a bunch of monitors, some server equipment, and a virtual WAN with locked-in VPN routing through a central access server that I could then bridge into various DMZ zones across cloud providers. I’ve been planning this for a long time and knew exactly how to organise it.</p>
<p>It was getting around that time, so I got up and walked outside. The ever-efficient employees gave me access cards and a printed folder with a welcome pack. My offices were ready to use, and I had access. Abdul promised to sort out my visa and bank accounts within a few days. Everything was going according to plan.</p>
<p>”To the airport, Iqbal.“ The driver nodded and put the car into drive. I spaced out, looking at the passing buildings, construction, and sand. These people managed to take one of the most inhospitable environments and tame it using knowledge and science. Someone told me Dubai was oil independent and successfully transitioned from a crude oil exporter to a city of luxury and commerce with one of the lowest crime rates on the planet. There was a lot to respect and admire.</p>
<p>It took us less than an hour to get there. I checked the display, and the plane had just landed. Some thirty-odd minutes later, I saw the girl pulling a yellow hardshell suitcase.</p>
<p>”Jim!“ Dixie screamed, running towards me with tears in her eyes. This trip tested her nerves and faith, but she made it from New York. That was all that mattered. She let it all out and cried. I barely recognised her for a moment. Dixie still looked incredibly slim but not sick and skeletal anymore. Regular diet and exercise did wonders for building her mass and muscle.</p>
<p>”Come, I’ll take you home.“ She gave me a faraway look. I imagined a home would be a novel concept for someone who spent almost four years homeless. The lawyer was able to get her birth certificate, after which everything was simple, and she was able to get her passport. Dixie wasn’t one of the nameless anymore.</p>
<p>I watched her eyes as Iqbal drove. They were full of wonder and amazement. I wasn’t the only one. Dixie grew up on the streets of a city several times the size of Dubai, and if anyone would be used to high-rise buildings, it would be her. New York looked mighty big for a small girl living on the streets.</p>
<p>Nothing prepared Dixie for what awaited her. She was expecting a city akin to New York, yet, just like me, she watched in awe as it sank in—a city inside a desert. A few generations ago, there was nothing there but sand, with a few lone Bedouin people with their camels and tents. They tamed the elements and the harshest of climates, turning their land into a miracle.</p>
<p>If suddenly all of humanity disappeared and mankind started again from caves, when they reached maturity and looked at the Earth from space, they would see the world and the palms and talk about the lost civilisation that created them, just like we do with the pyramids today. The people in this land, no matter how harsh and inhospitable, nurtured it, gave it water and made it blossom and thrive. There was a fundamental disconnect between the East and the West, and we were exporting our culture, infecting others with godlessness.</p>
<p>I wasn’t a believer, but I found faith. Somewhere along the line, following breadcrumbs thrown by Jack, reading between the lines of Montana, I found my faith. These simple yet complicated people in high rises and sports cars bowed down and knelt at dawn, before sunset, and at lunchtime—five times a day. They fasted for a month without food and water during daylight so they could remember and honour what they believed in. What did the West believe? What did I believe in? As I looked into Dixie’s eyes, her two deep blue pools of emotion, and the way she looked at me, I saw that Dixie had faith; she believed in me.</p>
<p>The shock and awe in her eyes grew even bigger as the car turned onto a road at the base of the palm. She gasped, seeing such riches and marvel, such wealth and opulence. It was as if the plane had been taken by a hurricane, and she was in some strange magical place, walking on a yellow brick road accompanied by Iqbal in the form of a lion and me as a tin man looking for a heart. In some ways, I envied Dixie. Her faith was enough for her.</p>
<p>The car stopped, and a beautiful black woman opened the door, wearing an exquisite black abaya and an embroidered hijab with golden thread.</p>
<p>”Peace be upon you,“ Neneh uttered with such a warm look and grace in her eyes as if she were greeting her favourite sister. I smiled. The teaching had already begun. I taught Dixie how to return the greeting, and after she said it correctly, Neneh smiled and waved her in.</p>
<p>”You must be parched after your trip. Come, I made you a fresh lemonade.“ Dixie followed the willowy woman, measuring her up and down, admiring her robes. Since Neneh put on her abaya, she only grew in stature. Her beauty only grew as it became rarer, as only her gorgeous face was visible, and the rest was left to the imagination alone. It was the most provocative statement of charms beyond the veil, a reward to be treasured, not flaunted.</p>
<p>It spoke of modesty, restraint, and respect—of the unspoken bond between men and women, celebrating the differences and the different roles we have in life as mothers and fathers, brothers and sisters. It was something to be celebrated instead of feared. It was a symbol of faith and a culture that revered women, where only the worthy man got to gaze upon a woman’s beauty. Instead of being oppressive, the abaya was a discerning robe.</p>
<p>I caught myself generalising again. Dubai wasn’t an accurate representation of eastern countries, but it served as a shiny beacon others tried to emulate, like Abu Dhabi growing a large mangrove forest in the desert or Doha in Qatar, which grew into a metropolis and a major communications hub, not to mention Saudi Arabia building The Line. Naypyidaw, a new capital of Myanmar, was built from scratch; Bangkok, a central southeastern Asia commercial hub; Singapore, the London of the East, from Hong Kong to Guangdong, to Shangri-La, to Beijing, and to Korea. The world was moving on at a staggering pace while the West was waging wars, slipping into irrelevance.</p>
<p>Perhaps that’s what made me think this way. Of course, the West is a complex and beautiful place, like London, New York, and hundreds of other places, Paris, Prague, Poland, and Portugal, with dozens of cultures, a real melting pot, but nobody could say they didn’t see a rapid decline, especially in the past few years, when it accelerated.</p>
<p>It was confusing and contradictory. Somehow it was immoral to prevent men from waving their penises in front of little girls in female toilets, but it was okay to legally ban women from wearing hijabs at schools while it was okay for the other girls to come in dressed like streetwalkers. It confused me, and I wasn’t alone. The ones in power sent us a message about what kind of world they wanted to live in. Not me.</p>
<p>”I’m starving.“ I caught that last bit. Neneh and Dixie were having a lively conversation, getting to know each other while my thoughts drifted. I realised at that moment, I was quite hungry as well, and I wanted to try a restaurant I found earlier.</p>
<p>Moments later, Iqbal drove us to Madinat Jumeirah. It was fun watching Dixie follow Neneh and look at everything. Her eyes were huge, moving from one place to another. Dixie had to examine everything, touch it, or smell it. It seemed to me that the girls forgot they were hungry and having too much fun exploring the open mall. One thing I noticed was that Neneh was careful with cash. She bought the best of things, but only what was necessary. All the fun little trinkets she looked at and liked remained on their shelves. She was the perfect person to manage the preservation of wealth. She was only eighteen, but she was trained to perfection to know the difference between what is valuable and what is meaningless.</p>
<p>We tried a different restaurant this time, an Arab-style grill. It tasted exquisite, with all those exotic spices I couldn’t recognise, and it had a strong scent of garlic. I would be worried about kissing someone, but luckily, the only two people I’d kiss ate the same. Neneh praised the food, while Dixie just mmm-ed, masticating her chicken like a hungry wolf. I was happy to see her appetite was as strong as ever. She even stole a few bits from my plate that I left for later.</p>
<p>The girls were so excited to run and explore that they didn’t even wait for the dessert. They just kissed my cheeks when nobody was looking and disappeared in the silent hallways, giggling like children. It made me smile. Both girls were barely eighteen and celebrating their lives. It made me feel both young and old at the same time.</p>
<p>The waiter came over, and I paid. He told me about some interesting shops along the way. I wanted to buy something special for my women—premium dates with nuts and chocolate. Apparently, there was a confectionery that sold them in many varieties. I was curious to see it and maybe have a taste. I never had a sweet tooth and prefer savoury, but this was interesting and unique.</p>
<p>I thanked the man and took my leave, turning left and right, following the corridors, doing my own walk without a focus or an agenda. A gust of wind brought the faintest scent of lilac. My body instantly reacted. The hairs on my arms jumped, and goosebumps adorned my skin. I felt my heart skip a beat.</p>
<p>Like by some unheard command, I turned and followed something green and elusive, something I convinced myself I only imagined. Then I saw her, like seeing a dawn for the first time. She was a woman unlike any I had seen before, and I knew that I had met perfection, a statistical impossibility, a perfect ten on the M-scale. Her beauty was so rare; no TV program or fashion magazine could even begin to describe something like that. The woman was so beautiful that she almost radiated.</p>
<p>My throat was dry, my eyes bulged, my head swirled, and my ears rang. What was I thinking about? I couldn’t remember. Everything that I was just melted, and without even speaking, I was in her power. I believed the stories now about Helen of Troy, about all the mythical goddesses from old tales.</p>
<p>She turned to me and said something in Arabic, like a muse from old Arabian tales. I felt a shiver inside me as the subtle tones of her voice strummed each and every molecule of my body, making them vibrate. There was no power in this world that could make me control myself around her. It was something powerful and primal, something I wasn’t even aware existed.</p>
<p>Men, I was sure, would go to war for this woman. They would lay down their lives for even a fraction of her attention. I tried to look at her and understand, but every time my eyes focused, there was another wave of beauty, from a lock of her hair to her perfectly manicured nails. But it was her eyes.</p>
<p>I had never seen eyes like that. They were sparkling green, like two emeralds reflecting the sunlight. She wore a dark green silk abaya with a matching hijab and some Arabic calligraphy verses sewn in pure golden thread by hand.</p>
<p>”Are you lost?“ the woman asked. Her voice went through me in waves like the sound of some sort of celestial instrument. I had to clear my throat before I could say something, nodding at the same time. Her smile grew bigger, and I saw her perfectly white teeth. They looked like polished pearls.</p>
<p>”Those who seek must ask Azza wa Jal for guidance.“ None of it made sense, but I didn’t care. I was mesmerised and enchanted by the sound of her voice.</p>
<p>”I was looking for the date shop,“ I said, and the woman pointed her hand down the corridor. She was young, in her twenties, yet her voice reverberated with the wisdom of ages. How she spoke and intoned pulled one’s mind into a world of wonder. I didn’t want her to leave. I would gladly stand there and listen to her speak, even though I couldn’t understand anything.</p>
<p>”What does it say?“ I pointed at the golden letters shown on her robe. Her eyes grew softer, like a person in love.</p>
<p>I couldn’t understand a word, but her voice enchanted me. The way she said it sounded like she was reading poetry. She turned to leave, and I was desperate, praying inside she would spare another moment.</p>
<p>”What is your name?“ She turned to me again, looking proud, and spoke. My eyes were focused on the way she moved her lips.</p>
<p>”I am Tasneem bint Rasheeda bint Uzma bint Asiya.“ Then, she disappeared. It took me a few moments to realise the most beautiful woman in the world was gone.</p>
<p>”Was she? Was she real?“ I asked, and a salesman smiled, with a bright spark in his eyes, nodding at me to confirm I wasn’t dreaming.</p>
<p>”Who is she? A princess of some kind?“ The man nodded, confirming what I suspected.</p>
<p>”She is noble born, my friend. This is her land.“</p>
<p>”You mean she is Emirati?“ The man laughed as if I said something funny.</p>
<p>”Didn’t you hear her speak? She speaks the ancient tongue. Her claim to this land is older than the written word. It is in her blood, the most noble blood. She is noble born. It is her birthright.“</p>
<p>I walked around, feeling like I was floating on clouds. A chance meeting with the most beautiful woman jumbled my senses. Never before had I dreamt someone this beautiful could exist. It was something that words fail to describe, a level of beauty and purity that defies comprehension. Most of all, I wondered what kind of man would deserve a woman like that. Something told me no one. That woman had only one master.</p>
<p>Like by some magic, I found myself in front of the store. I couldn’t remember the path I took there. I was lost, and I was found as if some mysterious hand had guided me. What did the woman say? Those who seek must ask for guidance.</p>
<p>I laughed. All of it seemed surreal, like a part of some fairy tale. If for no other reason than the beauty of that woman, Dubai became a special place. Where else could I find someone like that? She passed through my life, and only a scent of lilac remained. I knew now my life was complete. I would never see or meet anyone more beautiful than that.</p>
<p>When I looked at her, I didn’t just want her. My entire being desired her, but I wasn’t the one good enough for her, and neither was anyone. I was sure the woman had chosen her own way, and no man on Earth could change any of that, but she proved what I had learned from Dan and the others. There is such a thing as a ten on an M-scale, which is a mathematical improbability. One in eight billion people on the planet. The chances of meeting someone like that are so small that they are laughable. One would be better off gambling. This reminded me of the lottery ticket, and I laughed. Who is to say what a win or loss is if you have imagination? Maybe that’s what Tasneem was sent to teach me by some better angels.</p>
<p>What would you like, a middle-aged woman with a gold-coloured hijab asked. Behind her were dozens of different kinds of dates. Some were rolled in cinnamon, others filled with nuts and dipped in chocolate. Some were filled with dry figs, others saffron and sesame seeds.</p>
<p>”I want all of them.“ The woman smiled. She took several small paper bags and started selecting them for me. I took one and I couldn’t stop my smile. It was the best date I tried.</p>
<p>For some reason, I felt like having a coffee afterwards, so I paid and went into a nearby café, sat down, and enjoyed myself. There is something to life and its mysteries. Everything that happened got me thinking. Dan taught me social skills and how to talk to other people, which sent me on a journey of personal discovery and growth, but I couldn’t have done it without one key ingredient: imagination.</p>
<p>I heard a squealing noise and looked up wondering how did the girls manage to find me. I was hopelessly lost in the souk’s hallways while the two of them seemed to navigate it without a single issue.</p>
<p>When I first looked, it took me a moment. Dixie wanted to fit in, and Neneh agreed. She led the young American to the same shop where we bought Neneh clothes, and the kind saleswoman let her try her designs. The girls bought four abayas for Dixie with matching hijabs, black with golden thread. She wore her favourite one. I looked down and saw the girls had matching shoes. They looked incredible and drew attention from everyone.</p>
<p>”I got you some snacks but waited too long and ate them all.“ I reached into a paper bag to pull out one chocolate-covered date and took a bite. The girls squealed and protested, blaming me for eating their presents.</p>
<p>”Well, if you’re really good to me later, I might find one or two that strayed.“ I loved to watch them laugh and tease them. The girls were so happy and full of life. It wasn’t the shopping; it was the place. Somehow, all of us felt like anything was possible.</p>

</body>
</html>
