<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 37 - The games we play</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 37 - The games we play</h2>
<p>I felt my muscles tense and opened my eyes, losing for a moment the track of myself. All I could feel was the sperm erupting out of my throbbing cock, being sucked out by someone’s hungry mouth. It took a second for the fog to clear and dispel the remnants of the dream I couldn’t remember before my eyes focused on two naked ladies kissing each other with my erupting cock between them.</p>
<p>Neneh and Dixie ate my cum with hunger. Judging by the erect nipples and a thin sheen of perspiration on their bodies, I imagined they had been at it for some time.</p>
<p>The memories of last night came back in flashes, how we got naked and took a shower, falling into bed together. Then I fucked them till I collapsed, barely scratching the itch the two had felt. What have I done? I kept asking myself, having created a perfect maze. I released two sex-starved kittens inside like Minotaurs of ancient Greek legends.</p>
<p>The two girls were so different yet so similar in many ways, especially when it came to sexual need and desire; both of them were sex-starved. The two literally fucked me to unconsciousness long after it was time to stop and rest. They tested my endurance, and I failed.</p>
<p>“Good morning, husband,” Neneh said, mumbling, barely containing all the sperm behind her lips. Before I could answer, Dixie solved the problem by sticking her tongue in Neneh’s mouth, giving her a nasty frencher like in porn films.</p>
<p>I felt my cock twitch at the sight. This was the proof I was an old pervert after all, or maybe just a man. I couldn’t think of any guy who would remain unaffected. I knew at that moment that all could go to hell. If I hadn’t extricated myself from the situation, I would have spent another day in bed, but I had plans and arrangements that were unavoidable. It was the most important appointment I’ve had in my new life.</p>
<p>With ultimate will and determination, I forced myself to get out of bed and hit the shower, leaving the two horny minxes to take care of each other. By the time I was done, the two came down to see me out, completely naked, holding their hands, making me wonder what would happen when the doors closed.</p>
<p>“Focus, Jim,” I mumbled to myself as the car pulled away, and I tried to focus on the lessons of the day. I would need all my faculties.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>I waved at Dan and another guy as they walked over. Vertu concierge booked me a lounge at Bar 44 on the top floor of the Grosvenor House Tower featuring amazing views of the city and The Palm. I could almost see my rented villa from where I was. This bar was the best environment to discuss what I wanted, with soft music playing in the background. Dan shook my hand with a smile, introducing me to Grr.</p>
<p>“That’s unusual.” I almost chuckled.</p>
<p>“It’s actually Gearóid, but I got tired of correcting people mispronouncing my name, and now I’m stuck with it.” Grr was a third-generation businessman from Cork, Ireland, who inherited several factories. He came from the “old money” and was one of Dan’s old students.</p>
<p>Unlike most men, Grr only wanted one specific woman in his life, and he went through Dan’s training, learning and practising. Still, the woman was a beauty queen and a professional fashion model dating a footballer. It was a tall order to start with until Dan introduced him to his old friend, an inventor of the hooker game, the creator of the M-scale himself.</p>
<p>“Unfortunately, he doesn’t teach anymore. I tried to reach out, but he dropped off the planet,” Dan said. Grr was the next best thing, one of the best students who spent a fortune mastering the skill of skills and learning how to seduce the most sought-after and rare woman on the planet, the eights and nines on the M-scale.</p>
<p>“What about a ten?” I asked, remembering a mysterious woman in a green silk abaya.</p>
<p>“According to the M-scale, there can only be one or a handful of tens on the planet, as it reflects the absolute rarity and beauty, the same way as ‘one’ would reflect the absolute ugliness. You won’t find those either.” It made me smile. I wondered how Dan or Grr would react to meeting the mysterious Middle Eastern princess.</p>
<p>I measured Grr up and down. He appeared like just another guy, no expensive clothes, nothing even eye-catching about him. It went against everything that I learned from Dan or observed from anyone.</p>
<p>“So what happened? Did you get the girl in the end?” Grr’s face darkened, and he shook his head. Dan jumped in to add more context to what I could only interpret as Grr’s sadness.</p>
<p>“Remember, I told you that learning this stuff is dangerous. It changes you.” Of course, Grr got the girl and lost her because he realised he was in love with the idea of the girl rather than the woman herself. From the outside, he saw a finely-layered tapestry of a different variety, weaves beyond weaves, masks beyond masks, and he peeled them each with the ultimate care, only to find another below it. That’s when he got to the core and couldn’t handle the abyss.</p>
<p>I knew what Dan was talking about. For some reason, I attracted women damaged in some way. Perhaps my own damage attracted me to them, my quiet desperation broadcasting through my movements or the way I looked at them. I could recognise myself in them, and they could likely do the same. Birds of a feather flock together, they say. I could see why it turned the man insane.</p>
<p>Grr was born and raised by a loving family. He had a father, a mother, and two younger sisters. He went to the best schools, had all the money, the best food, the best cars, and the best girlfriends. Some could say he was spoiled. He never met a real challenge in his life, and when he did, Grr’s resources could make it all go away, but not that. He couldn’t fix the girl he pursued and went to the greatest length to get her, and finally, he had to leave her to keep himself sane.</p>
<p>This was the price Dan was talking about. Be careful what you wish for, they say, because you just might get it, and then you will learn something about yourself. I almost chuckled but managed to catch myself. I knew exactly what they were talking about. Some people have multiple layers below the surface to keep the dragon hidden.</p>
<p>Grr got the girl, and she meant everything to him. Then she went nuts and started breaking at the seams. He tried to change her, but it was impossible, and he wasn’t willing to change himself to adapt to the “new normal.“ Grr got out, leaving the girl how he found her, on her own downward spiral, searching for connection, and she fell.</p>
<p>I didn’t seem to have such a problem. Perhaps because I was damaged as well, or maybe due to my relentless analysis and willingness to adapt to everything and anything, focused on the silver lining. Some people are bears like Grr, and some are chameleons like me. Some are tigers, and some are mice; some are hunters, and some are hunted.</p>
<p>Whatever demons possessed Grr, I didn’t think he had a problem with women. He had a problem with himself. That’s when it clicked inside my head. It was the books Jack gave me to read. They steered my self-development and imagination more than I initially assumed. Somehow, they passed through my critical mind and went straight into my subconsciousness at the peak of my change. I no longer wondered about what it means to be a man. I became one without realising it, and I couldn’t explain it.</p>
<p>In the beginning, when I asked Dan, “What does it mean to be a man?“ he chuckled, knowing exactly the path I was going to take. Nobody can define what a man is in one sentence. The best anyone can do is list a set of attributes, but therein lies the danger.</p>
<p>If someone asks you to make a meal by just giving you a list of ingredients, and you mix it together, disaster is imminent. That’s why they say in cookbooks, “Add salt to taste,“ which means experience. This is what Montana did for me. It let me live through Carter’s life, touch his power and weakness, love and pain. Somehow, without my conscious awareness, it changed me inside.</p>
<p>I could see Grr had the knowledge and all the smoothness. His body language was well-practiced. His tone and voice were perfectly pitched to enter one’s mind and pass through the cracks, eliciting deep emotional responses well past the layers of consciousness. Grr was a smooth player akin to a spider, weaving and waiting, planting breadcrumbs, but he was unwilling to get his hands dirty. All of it hit me, what Jack said. Grr had no faith.</p>
<p>When I started on this path, everything seemed daunting; everything seemed like magic. Not so much now. I had only one skill to master and only one question to ask.</p>
<p>“How do I stop the reset?“ Grr’s eyebrows went up, and Dan gave me a slight smile.</p>
<p>“I didn’t know you got so far,“ Grr said, then took a pen and started to draw circles on the napkin. “To understand how we have to start from the beginning,“ he said. It was a journey down the rabbit hole, mixing the original knowledge with his own theories and observations.</p>
<p>I bombarded him with questions, structuring them as I was trained, in such a way as to lead me to a specific set of answers Grr himself might not have been aware of or saw them this way. The man was an amalgamation of contradictions, but if there was one thing I was sure of, it was that the man was a treasure trove of helpful knowledge. He just didn’t know how to present it well. I wondered at one point how the original inventor came up with that. Who was he in the first place? The mystery added to it, and I took mental notes and listened.</p>
<p>Somewhere, I was sure Freud and Jung were twisting in their graves. How someone took psychoanalysis and twisted it, almost weaponised it for his own purposes. It takes a deep understanding of personal trauma to see how it could be redirected in a more constructive way to turn people from obsessive self-destructive tendencies to something equally negative but valuable.</p>
<p>In my numerous attempts to understand how Cassie’s mind worked, I read pretty much all the required reading for a psychology degree graduate, plus a whole lot more, including the random psychobabble on the internet. I even spoke with my psychiatrist several times, and the consensus was—leave her alone.</p>
<p>This kind of resetting, self-destructive behaviour was indicative of early childhood trauma no amount of psychotherapy could fix. The best one could hope to achieve was long-term regression therapy to understand the problem, come to terms with it, and begin to heal.</p>
<p>“So there is no guarantee that the new persona coming out of it would be any better off than the current one?“ I asked my therapist.</p>
<p>“There is no way to tell.“ In fact, the emerging personality could end up being worse than the original one. Psychology wasn’t an exact science, but Grr was suggesting that it could be subverted. The deeply rooted behavioural patterns could not be healed but could be rerouted so that a fragmented personality could get attached to a different stable individual, thus replacing one anchor with another.</p>
<p>All of it would sound like a bunch of bullshit mumbo jumbo if the examples Grr pulled weren’t so much like the women I knew in my life and cared for. According to him, the trick was simple—penetrate the other person’s core psyche and attach it to yourself, so whenever the mind resets, that person seeks you rather than something else to feel stable and safe.</p>
<p>I wondered if something like this was even possible, let alone transferrable, not to mention the glaring, profound moral implications. It was obvious from the start that if one achieved such a feat, the affected person would end up irreversibly dependent, and if you left her, it could lead to a mental breakdown.</p>
<p>Dan was right; this changes you. Should one person have such knowledge, let alone teach it to someone? I understood now why the inventor vanished. He made an equivalent of a nuclear bomb and then taught it to someone. With this knowledge, a man could find a way to manipulate the most beautiful women into doing what he wanted, use them and discard them, leaving them more broken than they found them.</p>
<p>Lord Acton said that power corrupts, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. This seemed as close to absolute power as one could get, and I wasn’t sure if I could use it responsibly. What would stop me from using it maliciously? Sooner or later, I would get my comeuppance, like Grr, for example. I understood him better now. He allowed this power to corrupt him and was now paying the ultimate price. There was much more to the story about the girl he once loved, and I could read the guilt and pain on his face.</p>
<p>It made sense why Dan washed his hands from it and why he wouldn’t teach me. If I made a mistake and hurt someone, it would be on his conscience, but this way, it was between me and Grr. Perhaps Grr needed the money, or there was another reason at play. I was sure that if I had this skill, I would never teach it to another.</p>
<p>In a sense, Dan put me in front of a dilemma, perhaps to test what I was made of and the strength of my character. Would I just finish my drink and walk away, or would I dare tempt my fate? I was never much of a gambler, so I drank my orange juice and waved the waiter over.</p>
<p>“I’ll have a Mai Tai,“ I said, and Grr ordered another. Dan gave me a measured look and chucked.</p>
<p>“Sorry, guys. I’ve got other plans.“ We shook hands, and he was gone. It was just me and Grr now and all his knowledge, which I intended to suck out, learn and implement. As dangerous as it was, who could resist the power? It was once a life opportunity, and I wanted it. I was too invested by this point.</p>
<p>Grr smiled like he was pulling me to the dark side, paying for his own release from hell with the soul of another. He waved a waiter over and asked for some paper. Minutes later, he gave Grr an entire notepad with a hotel logo on top.</p>
<p>“Here we go,“ Grr said and started lying it all down. The idea was simple. Because of their unique beauty, the extraordinary women were exposed to unwanted advances from an early age, which continued well through their puberty into maturity. This resulted in a fragmented personality with its core still childish, then another layer for each fake persona she constructed to deal with the world she didn’t understand.</p>
<p>Breaking through it was pretty easy by following cracks, asking penetrating questions, leading their imagination deeper, and building trust.</p>
<p>“All this is a child’s play compared to what came next.“ Some women are so dysfunctional they present a danger to themselves and others. They are usually a carefully arranged amalgamation of weakness and strength, often presenting themselves as super-confident out of overcompensation for their insecurities.</p>
<p>“Trust is the biggest thing for them. That’s how you get them.” Grr launched into various techniques for building trust at every level, penetrating deeper, and doing the same.</p>
<p>“Sometimes, you can’t even keep them stable, so you must break and reassemble them.” Effectively, Grr was suggesting using deep emotional manipulation to rearrange another person’s perception so that he would become an integral part of her psyche. She would borrow his power and strength to supplement her weaknesses.</p>
<p>The problem was that any weakness on my part could act as a massive destabilising effect with far-reaching consequences. It would be terrible to do to another person, but I understood Grr’s logic. If a person was so unstable, leaning on another could make her stronger, thus masking or relieving some of the emotional pressure resulting from poor self-perception, and her life would seem better, at least for a while.</p>
<p>I was engrossed and fascinated. The depth of Grr’s knowledge was incredible. Whenever I asked something, he had an answer, but sometimes, we had to do a deep dive into the core of one’s identity. It made me feel like everything I did so far, and all I learned from Dan, was to prepare me to hear and understand this.</p>
<p>It would be tough to grasp some of the subjects Grr talked about if I didn’t go through a transformative process myself and witness firsthand people with such issues. It wasn’t just Cassie, but all of my women to one degree or another, but it seemed that Cassie’s issue was much bigger than the others. Then again, she was more beautiful than the other girls.</p>
<p>“Does this affect more beautiful women?” I asked, and Grr launched into all sorts of explanations using the M-method for grading looks. What he was talking about was pure genetics, the pseudo-random distribution of desirable traits in a sort of mirrored Gaussian distribution with zero to five in both positive and negative directions, plotted against a sinusoidal shape to illustrate the bell curves.</p>
<p>“Biology is a bitch,” he said and laughed. It was a self-loathing internal joke only Grr could understand. He was undoubtedly an interesting character, strong and confident, yet something was off about him. I couldn’t quite see what. We all have our cross to bear, and I could see Grr carrying a heavy one. My worst personal trait was that I had to know and understand everything, and it took me a long time to learn how to walk away. I didn’t want to understand Grr or his motivations. I just wanted his knowledge to fix a serious problem back home.</p>
<p>Luckily, Grr was a talker, happy to share anything, and I used it. We talked for hours, even during lunch, until my brain gave up. All this knowledge, thoughts, and impressions were swirling inside my head as my mind worked overtime trying to sort, categorise, and put things in the right places.</p>
<p>“How does one practice that?” I asked in the end.</p>
<p>“That is the hard part,” Grr said. “You can’t make an omelette without breaking a few eggs.” I hated the man at that moment, or maybe I hated myself and was projecting. The truth was, I knew what I had to do, but Grr was so cavalier about it.</p>
<p>“This knowledge comes with a price,” I remembered Dan saying that, and just like watching a war on the news, it felt so distant and detached. Not anymore. How does one master this knowledge without turning into a monster? There had to be a golden thread that would allow me to pull it and walk a fine line.</p>
<p>Maybe I bought into Grr’s interpretation too much and haven’t considered that his entire perception came from a dark place. Perhaps another teacher would be better suited to guide me through the maze. Some say that it’s not guns that kill people, and we need more of them. How about magic? At what point does it turn black? I could see how powerful the skill was and how it could turn me into a villain.</p>
<p>Grr and I parted ways before dinner, arranging a follow-up meeting in a day. I had an assignment to complete and report on so he could assess and correct me. I had three chances to learn it and three chances to mess up. After that, in Grr’s own words, I was on my own.</p>
<p>Iqbal took me home, stopping at the pharmacy on the way. I needed something to stop my tension headache. I was concentrated for eight hours straight, and my thoughts were abuzz with everything I had learned and analysed. Inside my mind, I tried to structure it, draw parallels, identify gaps, and interpret everything in a way I could internalise and apply.</p>
<p>The doors closed behind me, and the girls weren’t there. I called out to them, but nobody responded. It was getting dark outside, so I climbed up a floor to the master bedroom, thinking they got bored waiting for me and fell asleep.</p>
<p>I found the two of them just as I had left them. The bed was a crumpled, sweaty mess, with pussy juice and sweat covering every inch of it. The pungent odour of sex filled the room, almost making me choke.</p>
<p>Neneh and Dixie were on top of each other, their tongues exploring each other’s pussies, utterly oblivious to the world around them. They were lost in their own world of sexual fantasies, and it made me wonder if Neneh’s lesbian fantasies were just an experiment or if there was more to it. As for Dixie, I could imagine that after her life experiences, she would feel more comfortable bonding with women.</p>
<p>I stood there for a while as my cock hardened, watching the girls eat each other out to another orgasm and collapse. It was evident they had been at it since I left, and it made me wonder about their youthful stamina. Even in my best days, I wouldn’t be able to last all day like they seemed to do so effortlessly. The two insatiable minxes were something else.</p>
<p>“Welcome home, husband,“ Neneh suddenly said, noticing me by the door as the fog of her orgasm cleared. Dixie squealed and ran towards me, but she slipped and fell, her legs made of jelly and her knees buckling.</p>
<p>“Let’s have a nice bath,“ I suggested, needing one myself. The girls yelped with excitement but needed help getting there. It only took minutes to carry and place both of them in hot, bubbling water, adding some fragrant bath salts. I stripped down and joined them, and the two embraced me, one on each side. I couldn’t help but laugh as a scene from one of Mel Brooks‘ movies came to mind.</p>
<p>“It’s good to be the king,“ I muttered before putting my head underwater and shaking it around. It felt great. This was how life should be lived.</p>

</body>
</html>
