<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 38 - Kitchen sink</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 38 - Kitchen sink</h2>
<p>Neneh was still horny in the morning after I had eaten her to several orgasms. I had plans for the day, and I needed to look after myself, so I rummaged through the suitcases Dixie brought from the States, finding a wearable clitoral vibrator, attaching it to my wife and putting it on Max.</p>
<p>“You can’t take it off until I return,” I said. The mischievous me wanted some revenge. Neneh nodded, rolling her eyes, biting her lip, following my command. Dixie complained that I wasn’t fair, so I attached another one to her and gave her the same task. She was right. I should have treated all my girls the same.</p>
<p>It almost made me laugh as I got ready and went downstairs, took a snack to eat and got ready for the day. How life has changed, I reminisced. Sometimes, I couldn’t even recognise myself. It was hard to even remember the old Jim as my world changed with me in it.</p>
<p>Just before eleven, I stood at the brushed steel tube security barrier outside the arrivals section of Dubai airport, holding my takeaway paper coffee cup and scanning people. Paige’s plane had landed some thirty minutes earlier. Considering the time to go through immigration and collect her luggage, I was right on time.</p>
<p>Paige recognised me from afar and waved, broadcasting an incredible smile. By the expressions of all the men staring at her as she walked towards me, I could tell I wasn’t the only one affected by Paige’s beauty.</p>
<p>She was a rare gem, a so-called Instagram influencer with almost three million followers. Paige could only be described as a buxom blonde with incredible natural breasts the size of cantaloupe halves, tall, slim, and curvy at five-foot-ten. Unlike many fashion models, she had some meat on her bones, making her appear more desirable.</p>
<p>The girl was on fire, a natural dirty blonde seductress with a perfect face, pouty red lips of a man-eater, and beautiful grey eyes. In a word, Paige was stunning, easily on par with any of my women, almost on the level of Cassie, and certainly on par with Shay.</p>
<p>Paige advertised herself as a model, and YouTube was full of her swimwear clips with her massive breasts spilling from her bra. She was a stunning female specimen, a sentiment shared by all her followers.</p>
<p>What most people didn’t know, though, was that Paige was for sale. I connected with her on Instagram and offered five grand for two days plus the plane tickets, all expenses paid. It took her a few days to respond and negotiate. We settled on seven, and I got to do with her whatever I liked.</p>
<p>How does one practice a hooker game? It won’t work on regular girls, and I wasn’t going to try it on just anyone. If what I learned from Dan about the effects was true, I wouldn’t get stuck with someone I wasn’t at least attracted to, so I chose Paige. She fit several criteria that would make her a good candidate—beauty, external locus of identity, using her looks to earn money, and such. She was my first choice and the best candidate.</p>
<p>When I analysed her Instagram, YouTube, and other social media, I concluded that Paige would be an easy target. She was gorgeous but not too bright, most likely easily influenced and manipulated, as evidenced by some questionable choices she made in her past at the behest of her ex-boyfriend. I was certain that the man caused her irreparable emotional damage.</p>
<p>Paige was only twenty and not going to university. She focused all her efforts and invested herself into becoming a social media icon, but all her posts were about her body, stemming from the unfulfilled need for admiration and praise. The clothes Paige looked cheap, almost second-hand. I had no doubt that the men she chose were capitalising on that. In fact, I was convinced that I could have gotten her for five grand, as she only negotiated a higher rate to pump her own ego and a perceived value.</p>
<p>Someone did a real number on Paige at a critical time of her life and messed her up so badly that she sought strong and muscular men as her partners. This told me a story of insecurity, a need to be protected as well as admired by others. This made her a perfect training partner.</p>
<p>Is it stalking if you follow someone who publishes their info online? Most of Paige’s followers were men. In fact, I used the Instagram API to write a little program that would spit out a lot of statistical data, and as expected, over eighty per cent of her almost three million followers were guys. They didn’t follow her for cooking advice. Were we all stalking that girl at once? How about her boyfriend? I noticed several recent pictures with his hands or arms in the frame. Did he know where she was going or what she would do? Was he her pimp?</p>
<p>Page’s eyes were everywhere. The girl had no fear, just an incredible excitement of someone living the high life for the first time. I was wrong to assume the girl was dim. Something else was going on; she was incredibly naive. There is a difference between stupidity and a lack of intelligence. I could see Page’s eyes absorb everything with such clarity and interest that there could be no mistake about her lack of intelligence.</p>
<p>This reminded me of Dan’s story about a guy with two daughters. I could draw a parallel to the pretty one. Paige was likely pretty from day one and used her beauty to get what she wanted. Then something happened, and she created a shell, then another and another, projecting a look of a confused dumb blonde.</p>
<p>It is strange how we sometimes choose masks, and what’s even more bizarre is when we start to believe them. Sometimes, what you project reflects on the inside and changes you into the person wearing your own flesh suit. That’s how the fat man becomes fatter. He identifies himself with that image. Over time, it becomes comfortable, so all his efforts to change are mood-based instead of concrete plans and determination.</p>
<p>“I always dreamed about visiting Dubai,” Paige said, and I understood that. For a lot of Instagram personalities, Dubai is a rite of passage with the Burj Al Arab in most pictures. The girl would stand on the Jumeirah beach and take pictures, but none from the inside. It is too expensive and an extravagance.</p>
<p>A part of the deal that convinced Paige to travel was when I mentioned where we would stay. This would instantly elevate her photos and TikTok videos to a whole new level and establish her as someone who didn’t just pose but lived that lifestyle. The appeal of the limelight and being worshipped by the masses is irresistible to some people.</p>
<p>Paige was like a little kid trapped inside the body of a beautiful princess, and I had to admit it to myself; I felt more attracted to her exuberance than her looks. How the tables have turned almost made me chuckle. A year ago, I would give my left nut for even a kiss from someone like that, and here I was, objectifying her looks. She was an eight on an M-scale, which made Paige hotter than the average Victoria’s Secret model, most of whom would be mere sevens using the same metrics.</p>
<p>I watched her big eyes and gaping mouth as Iqbal drove us to the Burj Al Arab. Paige didn’t want to miss anything. She jumped and squealed as I brought her in and led her to our room. She couldn’t believe it. Immediately, Page started taking photos and videos of herself, and I smiled. Her first concern was how to please her followers.</p>
<p>Paige’s large hardshell suitcase was packed to the brim with high heels, bikinis, lingerie, and tiny summer dresses, all of which seemed slightly aged. None of her clothes were new, but they looked great on the phone after applying the suitable filters. This incongruence caught my attention and got me thinking. There was much more to this young lady than she was willing to show me.</p>
<p>God bless the internet and everything you can find on it. Paige sent me a photo of her passport when I was booking her tickets under the guise that I needed all the information to complete the booking. With her full name, date of birth, and some additional info, I could track down her family and friends. Paige was born in Des Moines but moved to Cedar Rapids when she was nine to live with her aunt Bessie, two older sons, Ricky and Dave, seventeen and twenty, and a younger daughter, Ann Margaret, age fourteen.</p>
<p>Bessie was a housewife, and her husband, Todd, used to play hockey for RoughRiders before getting married, getting injured, and joining Rockwell Aerospace. This was long before the Raytheon merger when he was made redundant and found a job with one of the cereal manufacturers. At least, that is what all the LinkedIn and Facebook pages revealed.</p>
<p>Whatever happened after was a mystery. I couldn’t dig up any information that would tell me what happened with Paige between ages ten and twenty and how she ended up in Riverside. It was the kind of a town people moved away from, not into, especially if they looked like Paige. There are many opportunities for a girl with such looks in Los Angeles, New York, or anywhere else. I was certain Paige had quite a story to tell.</p>
<p>“I’m going to take a shower,” she said and happily bounced off into the bathroom with a smile. She was teasing me, pulling my strings, making me imagine how she looked naked. I expected this was a standard modus operandi for an Instagram personality; all tease and no, please. I was willing to bet that, at least on some level, Paige counted on that, and if she could string me along for two days, she would be in the clear or perhaps open to negotiating.</p>
<p>“You must establish the difference,” I remembered Grr saying. His whole idea was that you need to jump out of the “customer” mindset and work with the girl on a different level. Paige came here because I paid to fuck her, and according to Grr, that would be the last thing I should do, open a back door and peel the layers instead, find the little cracks and gain trust, and work on her mind.</p>
<p>When I questioned him to the nth degree, Grr had to admit that it was the formula he used that worked for him consistently, but it wasn’t a part of the original knowledge. The inventor of the hooker game said something like that, but just as an example. There was no hard rule about it, and I was tempted to trust his judgment more than Grr’s, so I decided to experiment. After all, this was the first of the three dates I arranged for myself, and if I failed, I would have learned something valuable.</p>
<p>I took off my clothes in a flash and went into the bathroom. Paige saw the doors open, and there I was, standing butt naked. Even from this distance, I could see a shock on her face, a dark shadow passing across it, like some sort of disappointment, then suddenly it was all fine. She was sexy and smiling again.</p>
<p>“There we go,” I thought and entered the glass enclosure. I found a crack in the first layer. Paige looked into my eyes, probably wondering what I would do next. Would I kiss her or play with her breasts?</p>
<p>“Here, take this. Wash my back.” I handed her a soap and turned away from her. Five seconds later, I felt her hands explore my back, slowly at first but gaining confidence. By the time I turned around, Paige soaped up my cock and balls without any hesitance.</p>
<p>“My turn now,” I said, taking the soap from her hands, pushing her shoulder to turn her, and gently massaging her back. All the massage skills I learned came in handy. I could see the anticipation and stress practically melt away from Paige’s muscles. She liked it.</p>
<p>When it came to soaping her front, I paid a lot of attention to her perfectly smooth pussy and breasts. At one moment, I could see her eyes glaze over, and she bit her lip. I didn’t make her cum, just kept her aroused. It was easy to read it in her brilliant eyes.</p>
<p>Paige licked her lips with her perfect pink tongue, and her eyes drifted from mine to my lips and back. I got closer as if to kiss her, but I just brushed her lips with the corner of my mouth, going for her ear instead. As soon as I licked it and breathed into it, goosebumps covered Paige’s skin.</p>
<p>“I want to kiss you so much,” I said, and she nodded.</p>
<p>“You can if you want.” Her rapid breath came out like from a dog.</p>
<p>“I don’t kiss whores.” It was like I slapped Paige’s face. All her muscles tensed, and her eyes popped open. I could read the humiliation and pain in them, some anger as well.</p>
<p>“Come, I want to fuck you now,” I said, pulling her hand and handing her a towel, leading her to the bedroom, not letting her mind catch up with what happened. Before she could say anything, I pushed her onto the soft plush bed, covered in silk and high thread count linen.</p>
<p>“Spread your legs for me,” I commanded, and she moved her knees to the sides, giving me unrestricted access to her straight line with a bit of pink protruding from inside. I could detect no wetness there. Whatever arousal she might have felt was gone with my crude, tactless comment.</p>
<p>This didn’t stop me from jumping in and sticking my tongue deep into her pussy. Paige tasted divine; it was so clean and smelled nice. Clearly, she paid attention to hygiene. It took only a minute before Paige’s pussy was running like a river. I heard her moan as she gyrated her hips.</p>
<p>“Cum, whore, cum for daddy,” I said and attacked her clit. I could see the redness in her face, so I stopped licking her for a second, “You are my little whore for two days. I want you to cum, slut.” Then, I ate her again.</p>
<p>Paige’s orgasm hit her like a train. She bit her lip and arched her back, but I wasn’t stopping my ministrations, seeking to give her a bigger one. By now, I learned how to make women cum so hard that it feels like their bones would break. It was my signature move, and I often practised to refine it.</p>
<p>She mewed and turned her head from side to side, biting her lip and rolling her eyes. Her skin broke out in goosebumps, and her face was on fire. Paige squeaked, moaned, and gurgled, pulling on bedsheets with her fists balled so hard her nails were unglued. Every few minutes, she would contract and tremble, releasing a howling sound like a pack of starving wolves. She lost track of time, day or night, watching the seasons fly in front of her eyes until it happened.</p>
<p>Her body took over and balled up. Paige’s spine cracked when it extended and bent backwards. A strong blast of piss shot out like from a high-pressure water gun, narrowly missing my face as it shot across the bed to soak the rung on the floor and polished marble.</p>
<p>Before she had a chance to get down from her high, I put on a condom and climbed on top. Without excess ceremony or any reluctance, I stabbed her with my engorged thrill-seeking missile, feeling her still-twitching insides. Paige’s pussy enveloped me like a steaming velvet glove, smooth and slippery from all the juices she had expelled just moments earlier.</p>
<p>Without mercy or further foreplay, I jackhammered hard, trying to please myself while our eyes met and our gazes locked as if in arm wrestling for control. There was nothing else to say, no other word or procedure. I was a man, and she was a woman. The rest was self-explanatory. I pounded my cock into her pink supple flesh without care, rest, or mercy, and she loved it.</p>
<p>I felt her tremble below me as I kneaded her fat, perfect tits, feasting on her perfect pink puffy nipples that equally taunted and teased me. The sharp sounds of slaps mixed with deeper echoes of thuds filled the room as I rode her like a rapist escaped from a life sentence. Her guttural moans and growls mixed with high-pitched staccato squeals like hiccups answered my mating calls of unbridled lust and pleasure.</p>
<p>Paige came again as I sunk my teeth into her breast, sucking on it like a starving vampire. It was too much for her, and for the first time since I took her, she screamed. It sounded like a wail. Something broke inside, and the way Paige looked at me completely changed. It looked like I broke something, a fourth wall between her act and the audience, and there she was in her full gorgeous glory, a woman letting go of all the pretence and worries.</p>
<p>I lost myself inside her eyes. After she came again, even they smiled. Perhaps it was only imagined, but I saw a flood of emotions course through her face, and I screamed, feeling my balls squeeze and tighten. All those years when women like this were beyond my imagination, let alone reach, bubbled to the surface. I jackhammered hard, losing myself in that moment, pounding, kneading, and stabbing with all my stamina and strength until I felt Paige tensing again.</p>
<p>I screamed, and she howled. I fucked her so fast, as if trying to turn her pussy into pulp, feeling her pussy squeeze and pulsate. It was too much for any self-control I could muster, and I released an almost painful orgasm, punching my cock into her like trying to break through her external os and dump my baby makers right into her womb to seed her and spoil her for anyone else, to leave my mark on her and claim her forever.</p>
<p>I lay on my back, breathing heavily. This was some great sex with Paige. The woman was a dynamo, genetically engineered, bred for sex alone. She lay next to me, on her side, with her head on my chest, hearing my heart thump, wrapping her arm around me while I stroked her hair.</p>
<p>“You are such a beautiful whore,” I said and felt her shiver. Moments later, I felt something warm on my chest. She was crying but not trying to move away. This was the peak of my experience with this girl, so I pushed her on her back and towered above her, looking deep into her eyes and using my thumbs to clear her tears away.</p>
<p>“I wish you were a real person, someone I could love.” Instantly, her tears welled up again and rolled down her cheeks. “Remember when you loved someone so much that it hurt?” Paige’s eyes glazed for a second, and she nodded.</p>
<p>“It felt good, didn’t it?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” Paige whispered. Slowly, I started laying it on thick, reframing her mind like Grr taught me, connecting the vision of love and trust with the image of me. I made her go through her happiest memories, one by one and inserted myself into those stories.</p>
<p>“If you closed your eyes and thought how good it felt to be embraced and loved by your father, you will begin to notice how it feels the same when I hold you this way. Take a deep breath and smell me. It is the same smell. Isn’t it?” Paige didn’t say anything; she just nodded, lost in her memories.</p>
<p>Using a deep, consistent tone, I fed her memories, replacing the most precious ones with me at its core.</p>
<p>“When you look back at the time you were perfectly safe, that deep feeling of trust and security, you will notice that memories somehow faded and lost their vibrance, turning grey over time.” It took me a few hours to take Paige through her emotional journey, leading her imagination and showing her how she could be happy with me and trust me.</p>
<p>It was a despicable concoction of Neurolinguistic programming, manipulation and psychology, pushing Paige into a mental trap, making her visualise me as someone she could love and trust, someone whom she could turn to for protection. Half of me didn’t believe it would work, but a mind is strange. People want to be seduced and hypnotised. They are complicit in being manipulated.</p>
<p>What I used on Paige wasn’t hypnosis the way we learned to think about it. She wanted to go back and relive all those beautiful, soft emotions from a decade ago and feel loved and safe. She wanted to experience the world as that child, before puberty, before anything happened, as a person she would become. We all have that to some extent, even those raised in a loving home with a balanced mother and father and strong spiritual component.</p>
<p>The modern world is an eccentric place, and it is rare to find someone without any psychological issues. Paige had plenty like most gorgeous women I met, maybe not as much as Cassie, but more than most ordinary people.</p>
<p>Little by little, I made Paige journey through all her beautiful moments, inserting myself into her thought process so that whenever she looked back, she would see me standing there, shining brightly in a sparkling rainbow of colour while the original memories faded.</p>
<p>“I am starving,” I said and chuckled. “Would you like something?” Paige almost jumped and squealed. I did what I could, using all the techniques I learned from Grr to lock in her psyche. What was left was “the reset.” I had to pull back and give her mind some time to process and internalise everything, hoping it would at least affect her a little.</p>
<p>“This stuff might not work at once,” Grr said. “You might have to repeat all of it differently to try different modalities.” It made sense. Most people are visual, others respond to the words; for some, it is olfactory, and another is kinaesthetic. This was why I hit everything at once, hoping something would stick and Paige wouldn’t reset.</p>
<p>“Don’t celebrate too early.” Grr’s words of caution echoed inside my head. He was right. I should buy my time, observe and wait. I played with pop psychology before and even watched videos by some random guys who were convinced it worked for seducing women. I doubted that. I even got my master’s practitioner certificate. From my personal experience so far, one needs to put one’s mind into a specific state, similar to hypnosis, be willing to follow along, and not just be compliant but also complicit for it to work.</p>
<p>This is how far I went with Paige and took her on a journey. Most of it wasn’t even remotely related to tactics, but understanding the structure of her emotional states and how they were connected and relied on each other. It wasn’t about rearranging her house of cards, just painting the walls and putting my posters there, like I used to as a kid, Alice Cooper, and all the other musicians I admired.</p>
<p>Even after so many years, when I listened to Pink Floyd or Iron Maiden, I was transported back to the early days, and all my favourite memories greeted me. I was hoping what I did with Paige had the same effect, but I had to wait for her mind to reset and see what stayed so I could repeat it some other time. Rome wasn’t built in a day.</p>
<p>Grr advocated a different approach, rolling in with a bulldozer and knocking everything down, using something akin to emotional blackmail to get the girl hooked.</p>
<p>“Fear works well. You should learn how to use that.” I preferred a more subtle approach. Fear is a powerful emotion, but I didn’t mind investing the time. Besides, I didn’t want a person to be a mirror of what I wanted. I wanted Cassie to be herself around me instead of telling her what I liked. I liked Cassie for who she was. Her uniqueness added to mine. There was clearly the light and the dark side; even using this knowledge was walking a fine line, which I might have crossed with Paige.</p>
<p>It took Paige forty minutes to dress up, put on her makeup, and make her hair. She was stunning and smiled, seeing my eyes. We left the room, and a minute later, she put her hand into mine. That was new. I didn’t ask for it or encourage it in any way. It could have been a fluke, so I just casually went on, but she took it again in the car and rubbed her fingers against mine when looking outside.</p>
<p>People say that eyes are windows into the soul, and I agree with that, but the hands are a dipstick one could use to measure an emotional state. My wife would hold my hand like a cold fish and drop it along the way. If I knew back then what I learned later, I would have saved myself years of failed marriage.</p>
<p>During my journey, I noticed that girls held my hand and rubbed it with their fingers, which meant they were seeking some sort of intimacy, possibly emotional attachment. In most cases, it was completely subconscious, but for a girl to subconsciously seek out a hand was a big one. It implies a deep familiarity with the person, something I didn’t have with Paige. Of course, all of this could be faked. Still, judging by Paige’s facial expression and wondering eyes, her mind was miles away, looking into the world, soaking it in with her senses.</p>
<p>Iqbal took us to the Mall of Emirates, and we walked hand in hand, looking through the shops, all hunger forgotten. I got Paige a few small gifts, a cute bracelet, and a necklace with a small crystal teddy bear. She squealed and kissed my cheek like a child. I could tell she was having a wonderful time.</p>
<p>A waiter got us a nice, romantic seat beside a water feature. I was watching Paige try camel meat for the first time. I didn’t like it much, but she loved the experience, taking at least a dozen photos of the plates to share with her followers.</p>
<p>From the corner of my eyes, I watched her give me measuring glances. She started to say something several times, giving up in the end. I let her be, and the process continued. We had sex already and saw each other naked. There is little mystery between a man and a woman after sex happens. You know she accepted you, and you accepted her. The rest is just nature. I let it take its course, helped and steered by our conversation.</p>
<p>“Jim, I wanted to tell you something,” Paige started. “I am not a whore, you know.” We had a liftoff. Her mind managed to process everything that happened.</p>
<p>“Why did you have sex with me?” She couldn’t explain it, but I could. She planned on stringing me along and playing me for a fool. So far, no man has managed to resist her charms. Guys were simping for her online, sending her money and gifts without anyone getting this far or escalating this fast.</p>
<p>Paige was used to getting what she wanted using her charms. She was confident that after we went for lunch and dinner, she could develop a headache or something. I would understand, thinking we had another day. Of course, this would come to an end, and I would offer her whatever she wanted. I imagined that’s how it worked in her world, but it was only a piece of the puzzle.</p>
<p>“Is it because of your boyfriend?” By the expression on her face, I could tell that I had hit the nail on the head.</p>
<p>“We broke up,” she said. Paige told me the story, but I read between the lines. Her boyfriend was responsible for most of her photography and online presence. He was the fabled “photographer,” and she was the talent. Somehow, he found her in the middle of Iowa and brought her to California, promising the LA.</p>
<p>It turned out Paige got what she wanted, but the price was steep. She and her boyfriend had already broken up a dozen times, but never like this. I made her an offer she couldn’t refuse—money, travel, and the city she always dreamed of. Her boyfriend knew what would happen, but his usual tactics didn’t work this time; the two ended up breaking up again.</p>
<p>All this could be some sort of an accident, a cosmic joke of sorts, but I was willing to bet that Paige provoked that fight so the two would break up, and she could have an excuse for having sex with another guy without being labelled as a cheater. There are layers to everyone, a good Jim, an evil Jim, a confused and hurt Jim, and like that, like onion peels. Who was Paige, really? Who am I? Who is any of us at any given time?</p>
<p>“So what happens when you go back home?” Paige shrugged. I knew the score. She makes peace with her boyfriend, and life continues in another cycle.</p>
<p>“Or, you can stay here.” I saw Paige tilt. She blinked a few times, and then her face returned to the smiling mask she had worn just moments before.</p>
<p>“But how?” That wasn’t a “no.” She was fishing. I didn’t want to spell it out for her. It is good for people to use their brains for a bit.</p>
<p>“Let’s have an ice cream,” I said, waving the waiter over and paying for the meal. I remembered Iqbal told me about this place, a miniature shopping mall in Dubai greens with a make-your-own ice cream by choosing a flavour and adding chocolate, nuts, or whatever, then eating it from a freshly made cone.</p>
<p>It was practically next door, about a minute’s drive, and I ordered hazelnut and chocolate while Paige went for more colourful choices. On the same line, outside was a cafe and a park where they served various fruit smoothies. I chose the “love juice,” a mix of orange and a few other flavours and sat down. The weather was beautiful and hot.</p>
<p>A guy from the shop brought us a Shisha, a water pipe with all sorts of flavoured tobacco, and Paige chose an apple. The man lit it and took a few breaths before passing it on to the young lady with a smile. She had never tried it before. Like anything else in life, new experiences can be addictive.</p>
<p>After a few puffs of apple tobacco and a few sips of juice, Paige seemed more at ease with me and more talkative. She opened up about this and that, and I listened. Paige shared her life with me, and I took mental notes, occasionally asking questions and steering the conversation. She clearly needed to get things off her chest.</p>
<p>“Oh god,” Paige caught herself at one point. “I never told this to anyone.”</p>
<p>“I feel really comfortable around you,” I said.</p>
<p>“Me too. Like we knew each other for a long time.” I had heard this before. I have learned to interpret Paige’s body language. Her eyes would go to the side and up when processing something emotional. The NLP guys call it the “eye accessing cues,” which are unreliable and have little scientific evidence. Still, if you observe someone closely, it becomes easy to watch for them.</p>
<p>I spent months obsessing and gathering knowledge from wherever it came, supported by Dan and any other source I could find. He asked me for a year of my life, and I was committed to giving it, so I focused all my free time and energy on doing this.</p>
<p>What is the point of going to school if not to get the best grades? I used to look forward to all my tests back when I was a student. It wasn’t about competing against someone, not even myself, but rather about assessing my own knowledge and understanding and learning how to learn things.</p>
<p>All this effort was already paying dividends, and all I needed was to master this one last bit, and the rest would be easier. The waiter came, and we left, heading back to the hotel where Paige took a shower and changed into an exquisite evening attire. I showered separately this time to avoid getting into another sexual adventure.</p>
<p>An hour later, we sat in the sky view bar, exquisitely decorated and fun. The waiters brought olives and appetisers with our drinks. I had a Mai Tai, and she had sex on the beach.</p>
<p>The night view of the city was breathtaking, and for half an hour, Paige took pictures. We ate steaks, and they were perfect. Then we talked. I didn’t know if it was the setting, but Paige took my hand into hers and rubbed it. This felt natural to me, and I enjoyed it.</p>
<p>Paige liked to talk, share her opinions, and tell stories from her life. All of it was innocuous, simple enough to entertain without carrying any meaning or relevance. It appeared to me that she was talking more to entertain herself, which was a strange habit and almost a flaw of character, but we all have our quirks when feeling comfortable.</p>
<p>I didn’t try to guide her or influence the flow of her stories, thinking that perhaps this was Paige’s way of processing complex mental context. Never before had I even attempted doing something so heavy-handed to someone. It was Grr’s structure laced with a systematic hard-core influence, almost brainwashing using hard mental pressure, except that I didn’t go negative. Grr liked to play with fear and loss to up the stakes. I didn’t think it was necessary to do that.</p>
<p>We had a perfect day that started a bit rough with sex, and I did it on purpose to remove the most important obstacle. Whatever happened next was just a fun time between two people without pressure. I was showing Paige how good life could be if she chose me, keeping it low-key.</p>
<p>My problem wasn’t getting the girl. I had learned how to do it from Dan. I had a very specific issue with them, and that was this bloody reset. Grr and I had different approaches and different needs in life. Blindly copying the man wouldn’t achieve anything in my case, so I let it go and focused everything I learned on building comfort and trust. I wanted when Paige resets to not return to her usual self and shut me out like Cassie did every time.</p>
<p>Throughout the day, my relationship with Paige grew more comfortable to the point where she had no reservations about me in the evening. She was smiling and giggling like a child when tickled, behaving like a little kid, slowly and surely bringing me in. This was as far as I went with Cassie; the next day, she reset to her usual distant self, and the game would start again as if all we did the day before had evaporated.</p>
<p>It wasn’t the sex and the intimacy, but that connection, the look in Cassie’s eyes and giggles. She would let me in just to purge me in the end from her system. Cassie trusted me enough to let her inner child play with me, and then the next day, it was back to her outer shell.</p>
<p>Paige looked at me this way now, with her open grey eyes and the face of a kid shown a chocolate. She asked me to guess what hand it was in. I just sat there, listening, letting her talk, and she was seducing herself, finding a way through her own obstacles. Paige wanted me to be everything she imagined.</p>
<p>The last time I mentioned her boyfriend, I could see Paige’s eyes dim and her cold exterior come up. The man had some strange hold on her, but not the little girl inside. I doubted she loved him, but there was some sort of weird interplay, some dependency.</p>
<p>If I were a betting man, I would wager that the man used financial dependence to make Paige fall into line and obey, then used the sense of familiarity, enforcing the thoughts of her helplessness, going back to Iowa or becoming a prostitute without him. The devil you know is better than the one you don’t kind of thing. It wouldn’t surprise me. Many men used similar power exchange tactics to keep women in line. Women did the same thing with men, but they used emotional blackmail, like telling the guy, “If you leave me, I’ll kill myself.”</p>
<p>At one moment, Paige looked deeply into my eyes as if she were looking for my soul inside, and our gazes locked. We breathlessly stared at each other for what felt like minutes, and then she squeezed my hand and whispered, “Take me home.”</p>
<p>Only moments later, I was closing the doors to my room when Paige dropped her clothes and stood naked in her high heels in the hallway. My eyes scanned her body like a photographer, and I immediately noticed her thighs were wet. Paige was turned on like insane.</p>
<p>I pulled her hand and took her face in my hands, locking our eyes. We stared at each other for one endless moment, like two marble statues. Her warm breath came out in tiny gasps. Paige was trembling inside.</p>
<p>“When I first met you, I only saw your body and wanted it. Now that I see who you are inside, how you look doesn’t matter. I feel you now.” I lowered my lips to hers, and we kissed. I felt her body tremble and shiver before all her muscles relaxed. All her tension was gone, all her fear and doubt evaporated, and I smiled. This is what Dan called “a reframe.”</p>

</body>
</html>
