<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 39 - Quiet before the storm</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 39 - Quiet before the storm</h2>
<p>Paige yawned, stretching her supple body in the sunshine. I loved watching her big natural tits move in concert with her ribs and her muscles. We stayed up late last night, doing the unspeakable acts to each other. It felt like I spilt a pint of sperm inside her, and she took it all.</p>
<p>“Come on, we’ve got to move.” Paige opened her eyes and gave me a big smile, waving me over to bed. She pulled my hand and climbed on top of me, giving me a big, fat kiss before running away, giggling.</p>
<p>I heard the shower run, and I smiled. Paige hasn’t reset yet. It was a small victory, but it made me think about what exactly the thing that did it was. I threw everything I learned from Grr, including the kitchen sink, hoping something would stick. It was a scattershot approach.</p>
<p>All I got was proof that it worked, but it was too coarse-grained to analyse further. I was content with the result, but it only emphasised how far I was from mastering the subject. At least it gave me a range of questions and topics to raise with Grr, hoping to focus his mind on filling in the blanks and explaining what happened.</p>
<p>A delicate floral scent wafted in from the bathroom side. I turned my head, and there she was, standing in the archway, wearing the proverbial emperor’s clothes. Paige was at ease with me, and there were no signs of reset yet. I waved her over, and she jumped on the bed, hugging and kissing me like crazy while I breathed her fresh scent. She smelled so lovely, almost virginal. If I closed my eyes, I would imagine an entirely different type of woman.</p>
<p>“Come, let’s get ready,“ I said, pulling her off the bed. She complained and pouted, spreading her legs wide.</p>
<p>“I am horny,“ she moaned in a husky tone, using the fingers of her hands to pull her pussy lips aside and show me how wet she was inside.</p>
<p>“Have you ever had sex on a beach?” I asked, and Paige shook her head. “If you are a good girl, we could have sex in the desert tonight.” Her eyes popped open like a cartoon character, and in one fast ninja move, Paige was on her feet, getting dressed.</p>
<p>It was quarter past eight, and the car was scheduled to arrive at nine. We had just enough time to get dressed and eat a light breakfast. Paige dressed comfortably and took a small backpack loaded with a change of clothes, a towel, and a pack of wet wipes, but there was no sign of condoms.</p>
<p>“This is so wonderful,“ Paige said, observing a massive buffet breakfast with a variety like she never saw before. “I could stay here all day and try everything.“ I bet she could indeed; the hard part with too much choice is dying of hunger. It makes you a Buridan’s ass.</p>
<p>One of the waiters approached us to save Paige from herself. She had already eaten one full plate and was planning to get another. The car arrived and was waiting outside. I thanked the man and dragged Paige away from the table. She still snatched two ripe red delicious apples as we passed the fruit basket.</p>
<p>It amused me to observe the remarkable transformation of those seemingly untouchable super, hot women once they felt comfortable. The difference was night and day, as if they had reverted to being just happy and giggling children. Perhaps it was because of my age; I could easily be their father. It never really mattered. They say that age is just a number, but I don’t think it is correct. It’s not just a number; rather, the age doesn’t really matter.</p>
<p>People condemn the relationships of older men with younger women, calling it predatory, but when the reverse is the case, and the woman is older, they call it empowering. The key thing I took away from listening to everyone is that it was all a pile of nonsense. The best thing I did was stop watching the news and not participate in social media. They were all regurgitating the same lines anyway, complaining and anathematising stuff they didn’t have access to or never experienced. A famous Czech writer, Karel Čapek, once said, “Just imagine the silence in the world if people talked only about what they knew.”</p>
<p>A large white SUV waited for us with two women wearing abayas at the back.</p>
<p>“Paige, meet Neneh and Dixie,” I said when opening the doors. There was ample space to sit between them, while I opted to sit in front, next to the driver. A brief awkward pause followed the introductions, then Dixie said something and Neneh joined in. Five minutes later, the girls were giggling silly, like they had known each other since kindergarten.</p>
<p>I spaced out a little, watching the city vanish in the distance, and fine sand particles encroach on a lengthy highway. At first, the walled villas replaced the skyscrapers, then the palm farms came, and finally, there was nothing but sand.</p>
<p>Something rose inside me. I have seen many pictures and movies depicting the desert during my lifetime. None of them did justice to the endless ocean of yellow and golden, so peaceful and still, so incredibly quiet, awe-inspiring, almost spiritual in its grandiose presence.</p>
<p>I could see that the view had the same effect on the girls as they quieted, fixing their gaze toward the sands and opening up to something primal inside. Until this moment, I couldn’t understand why one would wish to live in such an environment. There was something almost spiritual about this place; its vastness was so beautiful and captivating. The only word that could aptly describe it was magic.</p>
<p>The driver stopped to deflate the tyres a little so they would have a better grip against the shifting surface. Then we swerved off the road for just a minute before we were lost. Movies and books fail to describe how easy it is to get lost in the desert. We couldn’t have been far from the road, but it vanished. All I could see was the endless ocean of golden sand, like an ocean with massive waves frozen in time, covered by sparkling fairy dust.</p>
<p>“Hold on to something,” the driver instructed before driving over the dunes, up and down like a rollercoaster ride. The girls screamed and giggled, and I was mesmerized. Inside my mind, the memories flickered of how I learned not to fear life. How far have I come? Relish the thought and the experience. The old Jim was gone, and I became someone else, someone who could put his fears aside and live my life right in the moment. It tasted like freedom and smelled like an adventure.</p>
<p>We went up and down for a while, putting the powerful car engines to the test until we stopped at the top of a dune and walked out. Standing on the sand felt strange, so unlike anything I had imagined, certainly not like a beach experience. It was the quality, how it felt in my hand, and how the desert smelled. All of it assaulted my senses at once. It was the difference between living and merely being alive.</p>
<p>Dixie squealed and threw herself to the ground, rolling down the dune, screaming and giggling at the same time. She called to the rest of us from below when she stopped, but nobody wanted to look like her, completely covered in sand.</p>
<p>From the back of the jeep, the driver pulled out a small surfing board and offered it to us. I was contemplating the wisdom of it, but Dixie screamed, “Me, me,” purple in the face, running up to have a try. The rest of us pulled back a little, watching the crazy girl take her medicine, swooshing down the same way she climbed, only to flip and smash her face into another dune.</p>
<p>“This is awesome,” she screamed a few seconds later, just before we started to worry about her health. This caused an avalanche, and all of us tried it. I learned one thing that day: Sand surfing, and I wasn’t compatible with it. At least I could boast of having tried something unique.</p>
<p>I lost track of how often the girls went up and down, laughing and giggling like children, while I watched them leaning against the car. It was a brilliant experience, one of my best memories. All who have visited Dubai and never tried dune bashing have missed something incredible.</p>
<p>The girls were at it for a while, but the dry desert heat wore them out. The sun was setting in the distance, and we all held our breath, watching another of this world’s wonders. Everyone has seen an ocean sunset, but watching one spread across the desert, painting the sands with the blood of stars, took our breath away. It made me feel like I was touched by the finger of God.</p>
<p>We cleaned up as much as possible, and then the driver changed the pace. Instead of a wild up-and-down ride, he drove us slowly from one dune to another. I wondered how the old Bedouins from Arabian Tales learned to navigate this endless place.</p>
<p>Only twenty-some minutes later, we saw an incredible sight: a wooden fence surrounding a recreated traditional settlement with men and women wearing national robes, sitting on pillows on a massive carpet. Women were preparing meals while the men helped. Some offered to guide us around to check out the trinkets.</p>
<p>I was less interested in the tour and more in the culture. I could feel the texture of a vast, colourful carpet under my bare feet while admiring its intricate design, wondering how they made one so large. Never before had I seen a carpet of such size, and I was pretty sure it was handmade.</p>
<p>Everything in this place was designed to stimulate the senses. The gentle difference between stepping on sand versus stepping on a carpet, the scent of exotic spices mixing with the incense, made my mind swirl and my mouth water.</p>
<p>We sat on the cushions and ate our food, watching a belly dancer. It made me wonder what was in the drinks they offered to make her look like she moved akin to some goddess. Even the clinking sound of little brass coins adorning her waist added to the experience. It made me understand that these simple people had an intricate taste. To them, it was part of their history, but to me, all of it looked like a hedonistic celebration of life, where the slight is greatly magnified, and each taste is nurtured.</p>
<p>Time seemed to blur into the distance. At one point, I realized I was smoking a water pipe. The distinct scent of apple mixed with strawberry added to the taste of the evening. I drank something sweet that I thought was coffee, much more flavoured than any I had tried before.</p>
<p>I could tell the girls were having the time of their lives, equally enchanted and mesmerized. This journey would have been more than a success if it had just been for seeing the desert at sunset. All of it combined opened something hidden in me. It taught me the difference between being alive and living.</p>
<p>Late that night, or early in the morning, depending on how you look at it, the car dropped us back at the villa, and we staggered in. None of us had a drop of alcohol to drink, but we were drunk on life and a fantastic experience once in a lifetime.</p>
<p>Somehow, with the willpower I didn’t know we possessed, each took a shower in a separate bathroom, and then we all piled up on one luxurious, oversized bed. Sex was the last thing we thought about, looking through a glass wall at the stars reflecting against the waves. Life has its own little pleasures, and we all discovered one.</p>
<p>Neither of us wanted to talk lest we disturb the memory of a perfect day. Such deep impressions would last us a lifetime. I looked at Paige, and she was committed. She reset all right, going back to her old mental self, but I could read her eyes. I was in, not out. She made all of us a part of her life.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>Grr chuckled, sipping his early morning shake through a straw, looking at me like a fat cat that had eaten a dove. At that moment, I found him repugnant, playing with a purple straw with his tongue as if suckling on it, acting superior. He was the highest order of asshole, feasting on the story of what I had done with Paige and how I had thrown everything he taught me and more at her, hoping something would stick. And it did. There was something fundamentally wrong with Grr. I could see it in his eyes. It made me wonder if learning those skills from him was pulling me to the dark side.</p>
<p>We were talking about people’s lives, moreover about the vulnerable ones. Was I fooling myself, thinking I could learn the dark arts and use them for good instead of evil? I was Dan’s and Grr’s student, but I was also a student of life. “Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it,“ were the words etched in my mind, straight from the pen of the American philosopher George Santayana. By choosing this road, was I falling into a trap? “Everybody likes to get as much power as circumstances allow, and nobody will vote for a self-denying ordinance.” The words of the prominent British historian and politician Lord Acton warned about that.</p>
<p>He also said, “Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely,” and that absolute power demoralizes. Was I already too deep in my trap? Was all of this inevitable? Is this the price one pays for power? I wanted power for my own purposes. Was I deluding myself into believing I would be any different? I hated Grr like my own distorted mirror image. Is this what I would become? Was Grr like me in his previous life?</p>
<p>It was clear that I had to make a choice, and mine was already made. I made it one step at a time, building a grandiose sense of self and lust for power. In the end, I had to commit to the path. As Lord Acton said, “Great men are almost always bad men,” and I had to learn to live with that.</p>
<p>I saw Grr’s eyes follow my internal struggle. A tiny smile in the corner of his lips told me precisely what I suspected. I had already crossed to the dark side, and the only thing that remained were shreds of someone long forgotten, a person I once was, believing in fairy tales. Life is a battle for one’s survival. The world is not a nice place.</p>
<p>“I like what you’ve done there, but we need to discuss making it more effective. I need to teach you how to look for the right signs,” Grr started, casually brushing my internal turmoil aside. “Your feelings are irrelevant,” he dismissed the entire premise when I tried to bring the subject back. Clearly, Grr had no interest in introspection or morality. He called it pointless self-flagellation and a hallmark of weakness.</p>
<p>“Let me show you something,” Grr pulled out his phone and tapped for a few seconds before turning it towards me. It was a nature video of a lion in the middle of the savannah eating a still-live gazelle, screaming in pain. I lifted my hand, turning my head away. It was terribly distressing, and I felt terrible. Grr only laughed, amused by my discomfort with violence.</p>
<p>“You are a hypocrite, Jim,” he said through a chuckle. “I know you love your steak medium rare. Do you know how your beef is farmed? How about the milk you drink in your latte? Do you have any idea how bacon or sausages are made? Leather belts? Shoes? The upholstery of your car?” Grr kept laughing at me, having a good time. He waved the young blonde waitress over and ordered another smoothie and a refill for the coffee. When she came over carrying a tray, Grr winked at her, tipping her a hundred bucks.</p>
<p>“I think you’re pretty,” he said, and the girl blushed. She was in her early twenties and looked innocent. “I’m a rich man,” he said, holding her hand. “I’m prepared to give you a thousand dollars to spend a night with you, and if things work out well, we could make it into something regular.” The girl’s face turned beet red, and she pulled her hand back, almost running back to the bar while Grr and I continued the conversation. He was teaching me to be an asshole.</p>
<p>Grr waved to the waitress some twenty minutes later, signalling for another round. She came over with a tray, and as she served Grr, the girl slipped him a napkin with her number. Grr smiled at her and patted her butt as she turned to leave.</p>
<p>“See, Jim, there are no victims in this life, only power and weakness. You must open your eyes to the real world, Neo,” he said, quoting ‘The Matrix‘ with a chuckle. “Just like with lions, the world is what it is. Some people are wolves, others are cattle. Say moo, Jim, or bite your tongue. You’re a wolf in sheep’s clothing, but you are not fooling anyone. This is your problem, Jim. You reek of incongruence. Abandon this romantic notion that we are all people.”</p>
<p>Dan was right. It was a slippery slope. He warned me of the consequences, which only made me want it more. It taught me a valuable lesson about how the devil negotiates. “Here’s an apple, young man. It contains all the world’s knowledge, but you shouldn’t eat it, the most delicious fruit in the garden. It is forbidden.” What perverse god places the irresistible temptation inside the garden, then tells you to stay away? The same was true with Grr. I wanted the power he had, and just like that, I fell from God’s grace and sunk my teeth into it, the forbidden fruit of power. As Lord Acton once said, “Despotic power is always accompanied by corruption of morality.”</p>
<p>The truth was, I assigned blame to Grr because it was easier than dealing with the dichotomy of my own existence. The Jim I used to be faded at an alarming rate, but particular moral views were difficult to change. Most people had no moral issue hurting others and exploiting the system, living in a world parallel to the one presented on TV and in newspapers. The illusion of a society perpetuated every day hinged on the believers. What happens when you reject it and start using your head for some actual thinking based on numbers and facts? You expose the miracles for cleverly orchestrated tricks delivered by a master prestidigitator.</p>
<p>Grr was right in the end, and I had to take my bitter medicine. Sheep and wolves, the world explained at its very simplest. Just look at the government, running the country in the name of the people. A five-year-old would do better than their piss-poor job. It is all relative, rulers and the ruled, all wrapped in warm fuzzy language lest we make the mistake of telling what we mean to each other. It was all a trap, and I refused to play against a stacked deck of cards. Sheep and wolves in the end, and it’s up to you to choose one or another.</p>
<p>“Jim, Jim,” I heard on the other end. My head was in the clouds since I left Grr to his waitress. I sat in a car, drove to the airport, and waited. If someone asked me how I got there, I would have to make up a story, as I couldn’t remember. Meetings with Grr were always intense. He was breaking my mind the same way he was breaking resistance, worming his way into my head, finding cracks and crevices. The only difference was I knew what he was doing and let it happen.</p>
<p>Isabel recognized me from afar. We never met, but we Skyped online, and she looked impressive, much prettier than what I saw in the picture. Isabel was about five feet nine inches tall with a slim frame and green-grey eyes. Her hair was light brown interspersed with blonde, flowing straight to the small of her back. It was her face and enchanting smile, exposing a row of perfect pearly whites, that captured my attention for a moment before my gaze dropped down, forced by the gravity of two perfect mounds.</p>
<p>The girl went overboard with her breast implants, turning a gorgeous woman you’d want to marry into a woman you’d want to fuck, the nasty way, slapping her tits and choking her neck. Isabel gave me a knowing smile. She knew her effect on men and secretly enjoyed her power over them. That’s why I chose her, a perfect seductress.</p>
<p>I found Izzie on a sugar daddy website, a smoking hot Colombian babe that somehow made her way to Spain. It was no mystery. A woman like this could wrap any man around her little finger. Her mask was perfect, hiding a wall of spear and stone. Someone somewhere did something to this girl to turn her into an ice princess. Lucky for me, she was for sale. I just had to match her number and fly her over. The real question was: could I break her ice and win her over?</p>
<p>Grr explained in a long monologue, “You should drop that NLP bullshit and focus on real skill. It is a crutch, doing you a disservice.” I had to accept that. I was using too much pop psychology, focusing on the wrong things. At the end of the day, I was an IT guy with numbers and maths running my life. Of course, I leaned towards NLP. It gave me a logical structure to approach everything, putting me into a corner and turning me into a social robot processing input and output, request and response. Isabel came here to help me with that, to practice the real skill and shake that monkey off my back.</p>
<p>“This is so beautiful,” Izzie gurgled, wrapping her arms around mine, nibbling on my ear as I drove. This girl was a challenge, I thought to myself. From the moment she landed, she played the game. All that she did and said seemed so smooth and flawless. There was no doubt in my mind that all of it was well rehearsed.</p>
<p>To test my theories, I pulled her hand and placed it on my semi-erect member. Izzie didn’t bat an eyelash, moaning into my ear and massaging my cock through my pants. I let it go like this for a minute before unzipping my trousers. She took the hint and released her safety belt. I was driving at the speed limit a minute later while Izzie bobbed her head. I had to concentrate. She was a virtuoso on a fleshy flute. Ten minutes later, I painted her tonsils with my nut butter, and she swallowed.</p>
<p>I expected Izzie to pull back, but she kept her head in my lap, gently sucking my semen, brushing my cock head with her soft tongue, feasting on the little trickle until all of it was gone, and my cock started to twitch again. She giggled and zipped my trousers back, kissed my cheek, and took a chewing gum.</p>
<p>“Thank you for feeding me, Daddy,” she said, making an innocent face. I knew little about Izzie’s past, but one thing was sure—she was well-trained. It made me think about how powerful men find their way to get what they want. Perhaps Lord Acton was right in saying, “Great men are almost always bad men,” and I believed that.</p>
<p>In some other world, in some other time, a girl like Izzie would be nurtured and loved. Instead, the men in her life revelled in dragging her down, turning her into a sex object, and discarding her when they were done. It was the age; it was the time. We lived to see the liberal days, the pinnacle of democracy. As Lord Acton said, “The common vice of democracy is disregard for morality,” and I was part of the problem. This is why all this fuss with Grr. I knew what I wanted but didn’t like the way I looked.</p>
<p>“It is the programming,” Grr said. “That’s how they keep you in.” We are all told who we are, what to do, and how to act all our lives. It is invisible, finely ingrained to suppress our animal instincts and keep us calm, docile, and obedient, a perfect worker bee and taxpayer. At the end of the day, that’s the only thing that mattered to them: take our money to finance the government while the real power cavorted in their little ascot mansions behind a moss-covered stone fence and seemingly impassable thickets, all of it saying, “stay away.” There are two worlds: the one for the plebs and the one for the elite.</p>
<p>What was first, the chicken or the egg? Did the morally bankrupt gain power, or did the power bankrupt the man? Power corrupts, indeed. Nothing could be a better example of this than Izzie. She was a product of unscrupulous men, and here I was, the last in line, waiting for my time to play, to add another scar to her mental self, to destroy her a little more, to bend her to my will and do what I wanted.</p>
<p>I don’t know if other men get high on that power. I clearly didn’t enjoy it. For me, it was a bitter pill, a medicine, a means to an end. You can’t make an omelette without breaking a few eggs. Izzie was already broken in like a prized horse, and I came to inflict my own damage, but I disliked it. I disliked who I had to become to achieve this.</p>
<p>Grr was wrong. He was right about many things but wrong about the power. I read a lot about Eastern philosophies and came to the conclusion that if you take with one hand, you should give with another. Always leave people better than you found them.</p>
<p>What I was about to do with Izzie could be seen as despicable. No more NLP, no more crutches. To learn this skill, I had to be an asshole, but unlike Grr, I had ulterior motives. I didn’t want a woman to play. I played the long game and chose Izzie for a purpose, not just because she had sexy tits and looked cute. We spoke online for days, vibing, exchanging stories, and learning about each other. I wanted to know everything about Izzie’s life. None of this was a coincidence. Never waste human potential on sex. There is no point; it is a waste. What I would do with Izzie was reprehensible, but it would change her life as much as mine, taking something from her and giving her something of mine.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>“You did well, Jim,” Grr said with a chuckle a couple of days after I met Izzie. She fit right into my new structure, making best friends with Paige. The two had a lot of similarities, as both of them looked like models—not the skinny, runway ones, but the fancy glamour babes.</p>
<p>“Each to their own, I guess,” he said, referring to how I integrated Izzie into my life. There was no point trying to explain it to Grr. He wouldn’t understand it. I had a plan with hundreds of moving parts, all of it seemingly chaotic but falling into place. It was just how my brain worked. I could envision actions and consequences, like a game of Go or chess.</p>
<p>“Now that you understand how it works, you are ready for the next level.” Over the past couple of days, I made peace with my conscience. Izzie cried, hugged me, and told me about her life. She even thanked me for all that I had done for her and explained that the money was for her family in Colombia. There are always levels for everyone. When she figured out I wouldn’t discard her like everyone else, Izzie broke into a hysterical fit, with all of us hugging her in the end. It is true what they say: Latinas can be passionate.</p>
<p>I spent the entire day talking with Grr about his knowledge, sucking out everything he even suspected. We were coming to the close of our time, and I wanted to extract the tiniest clues. There is no point in learning if you’re not going to be a good student.</p>
<p>Perhaps it was a tad obsessive, but I wanted to master this skill, not just for Cassie but for myself. I had a plan, and it required some aspects of this. Perhaps I was changing, but I needed to learn how to be aggressive. Manipulation came easily to me; I had the best example all my life. Aggressiveness in a non-physical way was my weak side, and I was learning a lot.</p>
<p>The following day was the final exam. I met the girl at the restaurant inside the Burj Al Arab for lunch. She was already in town, travelling with her boyfriend. Sandi and I have been talking for a while. She liked introducing herself as a famous influencer, but her social media pages were sparse. The fan page, on the other hand, was bursting with subscribers.</p>
<p>Sandi was a challenge. She made plenty of cash by showing off her tits, pussy and asshole. To her credit, that’s all she did, and why would she do more? Many men were ready to pay for a direct line to a perfect female specimen. Sandi was five-feet-eight and built like a racehorse without a touch of fat, only skin, meat and bone. I marvelled at her content. The girl certainly spent all her time eating correctly and exercising. The only thing out of perfection with her body was her bulging fake tits, expertly done. Clearly, Sandi had enough money to pay for the best. Talk about investing in yourself.</p>
<p>As much as I loved slim, sexy women, the one thing that captured my attention with Sandi was her beautiful baby face. She was twenty-one, but her face lost none of its girly cuteness despite the magical deep blue eyes and plump rose-red sensual lips for the kisses. I think it was the freckles adorning her cheeks and her perfect button nose, another win for plastic surgery experts.</p>
<p>Sandi was a blonde who liked to play dumb and seductively twirl her hair, letting it fall straight, uneven, covering half of her back. She didn’t fool me. It was the way she looked at me that reflected intelligence. The pictures on her social media showed her everywhere, eating at top restaurants and inside fancy luxury cars. I chose Sandi on purpose. For her, money wasn’t an object. Even the man she dated at the moment was younger than me, better looking, and wealthy beyond my means by the look of his yacht.</p>
<p>I set myself up to fail on purpose by choosing the woman for whom money isn’t a chip to bargain with. In this game, I played with a handicap; I was neither rich nor good enough nor below her standards. It was a theory I developed looking at Cassie. She could have any man by snapping her fingers, yet she chose me for her reason, which meant everything. Unlike what Grr believed, the strength of a man is not skin deep; it goes further.</p>
<p>I had never met a woman like Cassie. She would have never been interested in him. No matter how messed up she was, and no matter his skill. Cassie had her own measure of value, which taught me this secret. I could still adapt what GRR taught me for my purpose. Instead of emphasizing my power or wealth, I could purposely diminish that, laugh at it in a way, asserting my own sense of value, and invade Sandi’s reference frame, forcing her to speak my language.</p>
<p>I expected to fail, but it was a crucial experiment. I had no idea if it would be possible to do something like that. Hence, the NLP and other pop psychology the man avoided. I knew it was all a bunch of nonsense, but how do you describe an electronic calculator to a caveman? All that people did was describe something incomprehensible, focusing on the effect without understanding how it worked, like in astrophysics—we can observe and describe dark energy, but we don’t understand it. I was hoping for the same effect, to learn the essence of something indescribable.</p>
<p>“I know this place. They have a great steak,” Sandi started, and I parried.</p>
<p>“I’ll take your word for it. I prefer that place down the road with Arabic chicken and garlic. It’s cheap and tasty, always packed. I chose this place to impress you. I’m sure you’re used to guys of a much higher calibre than mine.” I delivered my line, watching Sandi’s pupils dilate. Her face froze, and I could almost see the cogs in her head switching into race mode.</p>
<p>“Good going, Jim,” Grr’s voice came from the back of my mind as I saw a crack appear. “All you need to do now is worm yourself in, tapping in the darkness left and right until the next layer.” Grr loved the onion metaphor as it closely resembled how the brain worked.</p>
<p>Sandi gave me a nervous giggle before suggesting we should go to the other place. I tipped the waiter and led Sandy into the car, buying an ice cream for her along the way. Her eyes sparkled. I gently kicked her hand, and the ice cream touched her nose. She flashed an angry look at me, but I laughed, cleaning the ice cream from her face with my finger and having a taste.</p>
<p>“Mmm, tastes like chicken,” she laughed.</p>
<p>“Here, have some more,” she said, rubbing the ice cream against my lips. Before she could react, I pulled her in and gave her a kiss, then pretended to run away. She wanted to jump at me but lost her balance. I caught her in time and carried her to the car.</p>
<p>“You’re not very good at walking, are you?” I said with a smile and a wink, and she pouted. I could see she was upset and about to leave and cancel the date. Upset is better than what she was before. I changed her mind and broke her composure. All of this was unintuitive, but I was likely the only guy who tried that, already different. My old roommate from the university, who was incredibly successful with women, once said, “Women’s idea of romance is chasing guys that didn’t want them.” I laughed then, but I wasn’t laughing anymore. It was all Grr’s knowledge condensed into a single sentence.</p>
<p>The key now was to not push it too far, make Sandi laugh, and then do it again. This stopped looking like a date the moment the ice cream landed on her face. It was unpleasant but different, like sawing a shirt with multicoloured stitches. Sandi’s ego puffed up, wanting to leave, but something else was curious enough to make her want to stay. I guessed it was her intuition combined with intelligence.</p>
<p>“I never cheated on my boyfriend,” Sandi said with a faraway look in her eyes. It was late at night, with the city lights illuminating the high-rise. Her body was covered in sweat despite the air conditioning blowing hard, and her skin broke out in goosebumps wherever I touched it. Purposely, I wet my index finger on Sandi’s tongue, then slid it down her skin, enjoying watching her shiver and tremble.</p>
<p>Halfway through the night, she said, “I never told anyone this, not even my best friend.” It was a sign. I wormed my way deep into her psyche, pulling her to me and pushing her a little so that she wanted to get back into the game. I was new, excited, and safe. As I could have easily been her dad, I was there to capitalize on that. When she took my hand in hers and examined my fingers, I let her do what she liked with a suppressed smile. Sandi examined my hands, comparing them to her father’s or some other significant authority figure. It took me a while to accept that many gorgeous women are broken inside, and I was there to capitalize on that.</p>
<p>Throughout the night, I saw Sandi look at her phone. Each time it vibrated, her face turned darker. Clearly, the man, in the end, knew what was happening. His girl was monkey-branching. The same could happen to me someday, but I was willing to bet it wouldn’t come to that. I used everything Grr told me on Sandi; there was no power, no influence, and certainly no money.</p>
<p>At the end of our dinner, Sandi wanted an ice cream again, for which she paid from her own pocket, then stuffed it onto my nose, giggling like a child. She sat in my lap and licked it off, feeding little pieces into my mouth with her warm tongue while my middle finger massaged her asshole in tiny saliva-covered circles.</p>
<p>“I am going to fuck your ass for that,” I said, and she squealed.</p>
<p>“No! You won’t,” she said with a serious look on her face. Twenty minutes later, as I was pumping my cock into her tiny orifice, she moaned and begged me to do it harder. It turned out that her ass was sensitive, and she loved to be buttfucked.</p>
<p>“No, don’t cum into me,” she squealed, noticing my increased tempo and heavy breathing after flipping her on her back and jackhammering her pussy. “I’m not on the pill.”</p>
<p>“I don’t care,” I said as I grunted and sprayed my sperm, basting her ovaries. The way she looked at me, the way she pulled me in, told me everything. We were past that point. I did something no other guy wanted. With a few powerful blasts, I made her mine. The real question was, would she reset the next day?</p>
<p>It felt like a win, but I cheated just a tiny bit. I didn’t just pick Sandi for her body alone. I studied her, reading her posts between the lines. Everyone has buttons to press, even if they are unaware of them. I was pretty sure that the same approach I used on Sandi would miserably fail on others. It was another lesson to act strategically and plan all my moves. With Dan’s knowledge and various sources, I applied Grr’s process, playing on her dreams, fears, and insecurities. The girl was well off financially, having invested her earnings smartly, only to discover the truth of universally shared advice: money doesn’t buy you happiness.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>Imagine Sandi’s face when I introduced her to the rest of my women. She froze and pouted, her eyes glazed, and she was chewing her lip like a toddler. This, of course, was part of the process. Neneh jumped in at the right time, taking Sandi’s hand and introducing herself. It took some time for the girls to vibe, and the villa helped.</p>
<p>“This is so amazing,” Sandi exclaimed, commenting on our private beach and pool. Izzie joined her for a swim. She was happily settling in. I had a plan for all these women, not just stroking my ego, living a teenage fantasy of having a harem. It was all part of the plan. It was all coming out just fine.</p>
<p>Later that day, we took a few cabs for a shopping spree. The girls loved the gold souk with dozens of shops selling diamonds and gold. I bought each a tiny necklace, got a fancy watch for myself, and a simple design with little diamonds around it.</p>
<p>We only had a few more nights together before I had to leave and join real life. It was an evening to remember with fine food, wine, and cakes. The girls were doing fine, even the three new friends. They mostly stuck together, finding a lot in common with each other. One was an Instagram prostitute, another was a sugar babe looking for a customer, and the third one sold her explicit videos and pictures, all of them, in their own ways, sex workers.</p>
<p>“Congratulations,” Grr said the next day. He was proud of me for using the techniques he described. I wired the rest of the cash we agreed on to his account and spent the rest of the day covering the tangents while the girls ran around town with my credit card, buying little things here and there. I wasn’t worried. Neneh was a great financial manager.</p>
<p>We parted ways, hopefully forever. I learned much from Grr but didn’t want to see him again. He made me face my dark side, and as thankful as I was for all he had done, I resented him for it. Of course, I projected, but blaming others for our mistakes is always easier. I sought power and knowledge and got what I wanted, but it changed many things, as Dan warned.</p>
<p>I needed these skills for what was to come. Not just to get Cassie but much, much more. Lord Acton said, “Great men are almost always bad men.” Grr helped me discover my inner darkness and helped me force myself to step beyond the line. Being good or bad is a relative concept dependent on the observer. I would need some badness, thick skin, and a tough spine to do what I planned. I wanted Cassie with all my desire, but there was one thing I wanted much more.</p>

</body>
</html>
