<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 40 - So it begins</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 40 - So it begins</h2>
<p>The flight back to London went in the blink of an eye. In many ways, it felt like a trip back in time to an older city and some older culture where locals used paper to wipe their asses. Nothing brings it home clearer than living abroad for a while, stepping outside carefully prepared tourist trails, and peeking behind the curtains. Still, my entire life, I could never imagine myself as anything but a Londoner, and the week in Dubai changed that.</p>
<p>Lamin picked me up with the car as usual, took my suitcase, and rolled it into the back before sitting silently and driving away. There was nothing to say. Lamin and I stayed in touch while I was abroad. He was telling me about his trip from Africa and passing on regards from his family, parents, and aunts.</p>
<p>My mind was far away, focused on my plan. There were too many loose ends to tie up and so little time. The trip to my apartment took only forty minutes, which I barely noticed, as my head was in the cloud, and my entire focus was on the future. I had one chance to play my hand, which had to be perfect.</p>
<p>When I entered, the apartment was empty, and I knew why. The girls had jointly decided to stay at Amy’s place. It was much more spacious and decorated the way they liked it. I was beginning to suspect they also gave me some space. Everyone needs some “me time” to take a deep breath and organise their thoughts.</p>
<p>I took a long shower and changed my clothes. It had been some time since I had been able to take care of myself. With all these women making me their main purpose, it was hard to find time to just sit and let my mind rest. Finding the girls some outlet was another item on my to-do list, a mission of sorts to occupy their minds instead of focusing all their attention on me and ending up disappointed.</p>
<p>I dreaded the moment I checked my messages, postponing it until I got home. Just as I thought, the shit hit the fan, dozens of texts and voicemails, each worse than another, a wretched concoction of sweetness and bile.</p>
<p>It was the worst of humanity, the excrement of a dead relationship. Dan taught me a valuable lesson. A relationship isn’t over while you’re still picking up the phone and checking messages. It only changed its form from bad to worse, and I was there, wishing Tina would die, but I had to deal with it for the sake of my children. I had a plan, and I was working on it. Just a little longer, and all the little blocks would fall into their places.</p>
<p>Predictably, Tina complained about money, interspersed with threats. No matter how much I gave her, it wasn’t enough. It would never be enough for someone with an insatiable appetite and no self-control when it came to spending what she never earned.</p>
<p>I found it hard to discern the truth from lies. Tina was a skilled orator when it came to spinning tales. It turns out something was wrong with her car. The mechanic said someone likely poured sugar into her gasoline tank, and the entire engine would have to be replaced.</p>
<p>The insurance company didn’t want to hear about it, denying the claim outright. They said this wasn’t covered at first, then came up with a range of reasons to reject the claim. Meanwhile, Tina took up a mortgage on an already paid-for house and pissed the money away, landing in debt.</p>
<p>Without a stable personal income, her entire plan was to extort me for more. “It’s for your children,” she said as if they needed so much cash. I gritted my teeth in anger for a few minutes, then shut it all down, promising comeuppance. I planned to change all that, but it would have to wait.</p>
<p>If there was one thing I mastered over time, it would be the ability to deflect and compartmentalise. My psychiatrist taught me the techniques, which I perfected over time, learning how to do it from others. Life is not a domino game, no matter how much it looks like that.</p>
<p>Loud squeals of joy echoed around the place as soon as I entered the corner apartment. Four young women lunged at me, competing with each other to see who could bring me down faster.</p>
<p>I staggered to a large leather sofa and collapsed there in an origami of human flesh. The girls kissed me like crazy, barely allowing me to breathe. They were so excited to see me again after my ten-day holiday in Dubai. Somehow, it seemed like it was longer. What did Albert Einstein say? Time is a relative concept.</p>
<p>The girls dragged me to the dining room, sat me down, and served me some food they jointly made. I almost laughed. While I was away, they decided to save money and cook instead of dining out. I took a bite of homemade macaroni and cheese, which was edible but little more than that. Still, I loved their thoughtfulness.</p>
<p>“How do you like it?” Callie was the first one to ask. She almost puffed up in pride.</p>
<p>“I didn’t know you enjoyed cooking so much.” I deflected. “How about I sign us all up for cooking classes? It could be fun.” Everyone squealed and jumped. I successfully changed the subject and asked for more, but they brought something else with the rice they had prepared.</p>
<p>The girls were grooming me for something. I could see it in their eyes, how they stared at me and analysed as if they had done something wrong and were buttering me up for a big sale. Finally, when I pushed my plate away, feeling stuffed, Rylee took over as the oldest. She recently celebrated her twenty-second birthday.</p>
<p>“Jim, we have to talk about something serious, but I want you to promise you won’t be mad.” I made a serious face, and I wanted to laugh inside. There is nothing the girls could do wrong that would piss me off that much.</p>
<p>That’s when Amy burst out in tears and jumped into my arms, hugging me for dear life.</p>
<p>“I’m sorry, Jim. I’m so sorry.” I looked at Rylee, and she gave me a clear blue stick, showing positive.</p>
<p>“It is all my fault. I didn’t even think about the pill.” Well, I did and never mentioned it, leaving it to the girls to decide how to deal with whatever might happen.</p>
<p>“Please don’t be mad. I am sorry, Jim, but I don’t want to get rid of it.” Somehow, the girls came to the conclusion that since I had two boys and had never talked about children, I wouldn’t want more in the future.</p>
<p>“Amy, Amy, calm down.” She looked up at me with her beautiful blue eyes full of tears. “Do you want to keep your kid?”</p>
<p>“Yes, yes, I do. But I don’t want to lose you.”</p>
<p>“Why would you think that you would lose me if you got pregnant?” Everyone shrugged. It was another one of those moments of miscommunication.</p>
<p>“Amy, listen. Having a child is the greatest responsibility anyone could have, but it is also the greatest gift a woman could give a man. Just for the record, I want to have more children. You are so wonderful and beautiful; I would be a fool not to want a kid from you, another one later, and another, as many as you want to give me, my little angel.” That caused squeals and sobs from everyone as the girls decompressed.</p>
<p>All of them came to hug and kiss me, sobbing as if someone had died. I looked at Tara, and she cried even more as if something terrible had happened. I looked at her with an unspoken question, and she broke down.</p>
<p>“I don’t think I can have children.” Ah, that old chestnut again. After her operation and the follow-ups, doctors confirmed time and again that everything was fine and she should be getting pregnant; she just hadn’t caught it yet.</p>
<p>“I’ll tell you what. We’ll count your fertile days, and we’ll make sure to have a lot of sex. I’m sure the others will help.” All the girls nodded, hugging Tara in support like sisters. “And if after six months you don’t get pregnant, I will take you to the hospital for IVF.” Tara joined the hug. It was easy to understand that after discovering Amy was pregnant, all the girls caught a bit of baby fever.</p>
<p>“Hmm, Master?” Tara always told me that when she tried to emphasise the importance of something, she said it as if the word sounded formal in some way. “Today is my fertile day.” Tara made an innocent face, and I burst into laughter. Soon enough, all the girls were cheering, knowing what would happen.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>The days turned into a predictable, steady flow, but coming back to work felt weird again. Somehow subconsciously, I said goodbye to the office and was coming there just to wait and pick up my paycheque. I was coming closer to my plan each day, and each day I went to the office, there was another grand in my pocket. I grew to look at my work as the means to finance my budding enterprise.</p>
<p>I would come, get a cup of coffee, sit in my office with my laptop, and busy myself with my projects. For the first time in my life, I was doing precisely as it was worded in my contract—coming and leaving at the exact time and taking exactly thirty minutes for my lunch break, not a moment longer.</p>
<p>Dick and I still haven’t met to discuss the handover. After the stunt I pulled where I accused him of sexual harassment, he was reluctant to meet me in a closed office lest I accuse him of sexual innuendos or something else that could mess up his career. Even the little I’ve done blemished him for the management, so he played his game, trying to find a cause to fire me without taking the blame.</p>
<p>We tap danced to the game of musical chairs where the one left standing, in the end, drops out. It would be me anyway, but I could play this for the next few years until they made me redundant. My job was safe as long as I was the only one who knew how to patch the live system. After their little dog and pony show instigated by Dick’s tactless approach and my heavy-handed response, nobody would challenge me for a while. Still, slowly, over time, they would build their case until the day I was handed an envelope and shown the door. I wasn’t going to let that happen.</p>
<p>Lamin would wait for me in the car after work with Amy inside. Since getting pregnant, she has been going insane. One day, she waited for me in the back seat of my Maybach completely naked and rode me all the way home until I filled her with sperm two times.</p>
<p>“I can’t get any more pregnant than I am,” she said. It made me laugh. She was just a horny teenager with a child growing inside. Deep down, I was ecstatic and in love. This beautiful, wonderful girl would be a mother in no time. It felt like another chance for life, and I was determined to do it right. I often lamented my plans, but being a dad trumped it all. More than anything, I wanted to just be a father, and there would be no mistakes this time.</p>
<p>I thought the American girls would get bored after some time and make their way back to Tampa, but I was wrong. They loved London and their new lifestyle. Since arriving in England, they have had over a hundred thousand new followers. Apparently, travelling around the world and posting fun pictures attracted many people, and the girls were by now experts in doing that. They even hooked up with Paige online and made shoutouts for each other. It was obvious to everyone that life is better when you’re a part of a tribe, and now, with a baby on its way, all the girls were going a little nuts.</p>
<p>Rylee and Callie turned into proper little minxes. They would insist that I take them to all sorts of places, where they would find a way to ask for more sex, not that I complained. Their favourite place to hang out was The Chamber. It was a cosy little bar with a regular clientele. Who’s who of London’s powerful and connected visited there, and the two American girls loved networking above all else.</p>
<p>I haven’t seen Cassie since I arrived. Before I left for Dubai, she used to pop in unannounced, have passionate sex with me, and then disappear for a few days, leaving me feeling confused and a little objectified. The society sent me a bunch of invites, but I was busy with other things, or it was too far. My plan was simple—take Cassie with me and use what I learned from her to stop the reset.</p>
<p>Maybe I deluded myself, thinking it would be better for Cassie to be with me and to stabilise her life, but what did I know about it? She never said anything about herself I could consider a genuine life story. Cassie typically avoided the subjects where she had to reveal something from within herself. There was a clear cut between how she thought and how she acted, and she always kept cards close to her chest. I wanted to believe Cassie trusted me. After all, why would she come to me like this? But you never knew with Cassie. She did what she liked, like a snake slithering into one hole to emerge from another.</p>
<p>“You should move your desk into the movie room,” Pierre said, laughing. The American girls pulled me into it for some action every time we visited. It happened so many times that it became a club joke. “Here goes Jim with his two nymphomaniac girlfriends.” What could I do but laugh at Pierre’s blatant attempt at humour and subtly telling me to cut that shit before I developed a reputation for it?</p>
<p>Someone from the side, looking at my life, could say that it seemed extraordinary. It became ordinary to me. This is how I lived. There are two kinds of people: those who take heads on the challenge of life and those who just submit and do things they are told. In some other life, which faded into history, I could remember a guy who vaguely resembled me as the second kind. Where did it get him? He was dead for all I cared. He died that night when he bought that losing lottery ticket. His loss, my gain. It was my birthday.</p>
<p>I understood it logically; not everyone wanted to be me. Not everyone desired what I did, and not everyone was ready or able to invest as much as me, but to not even try because of some excuse was to surrender to the torrential flood racing through the streets, pulling everything that wasn’t fixed or prepared to swim. There are only two choices in life—swim or surrender to the elements.</p>
<p>Those who sit idly and complain about their life, blaming the system for their misfortunes without taking any action to change their circumstances, are destined for misery. If only there was a magical pill that could solve all their problems. If only one could simply take a pill and instantly lose weight. People live in a world of their own imagination, believing all the nonsense that society feeds them. It’s no wonder that everyone is feeling depressed. Either take action or stop complaining about your life.</p>
<p>I was feeling quite irritated as I flew to Frankfurt. This was my final paid vacation and my only opportunity to take a risk and gamble everything, like playing Russian roulette with five bullets in the chamber and only one empty slot. In American football terms, this was what they call a Hail Mary shot, with the ball in the air as the game clock ran out.</p>
<p>I timed my arrival perfectly, landing at ten in the morning, going through passport control, and taking a taxi ride. By eleven, I was already at the Oasis. They had just opened and welcomed me inside.</p>
<p>“Mr. James Allen?” asked a receptionist. I nodded and handed her my new business card, which displayed the corporate address in New York and my position as CEO and president. She examined it and seemed suitably impressed, then gestured for me to proceed and introduced me to Heinrich, the manager.</p>
<p>Heinrich and I had exchanged lengthy emails for months, but this was our first face-to-face meeting. I could see him sizing me up and smiling. I passed the visual test, and he invited me into his office. He signalled to his secretary to bring us two coffees.</p>
<p>“I must emphasise, this is quite unusual,” he remarked. I smiled and pulled out an envelope containing neatly arranged Euro notes, sliding it across the table.</p>
<p>“Is there any issue I should be aware of?” I asked.</p>
<p>“No, sir. Everything is fine,” he replied, counting the cash. I enjoyed doing business with people like Heinrich. They only cared about the money, which was a sensible approach to running a business. After all, the purpose of a business is to generate profits for shareholders, unlike the stakeholder capitalism that the West was trying to promote, sacrificing short-term gains for long-term nonsense. The West was heading towards disaster with their Hitlerjugend preaching Karl Marx doctrine in their Dr Evil accents about the need to sacrifice for the benefit of those in power. Fortunately, as long as money spoke, all this nonsense remained just that while there were guys like Heinrich around. He stood up from his chair, secured the cash in his safe, and motioned for me to follow him.</p>
<p>“Please come with me, sir,” he said, leading me through a side door. The Oasis was one of the finest FKK clubs in Frankfurt, frequented by some of my company’s management.</p>
<p>FKK stood for Freikörperkultur, which loosely translated to “free body culture,” or in other words, a naturist club. It was a large building on the city outskirts, surrounded by farmland and adorned with gaudy statues of ancient Egyptian and Greek gods on the grass. The compound was enclosed by a ten-foot grey concrete and brick wall. The establishment was exquisitely decorated with marble, leather, gold, and silver and complemented by iridescent lights and neon accents.</p>
<p>The place was a massive fancy spa for men with multiple indoor and outdoor pools, bubble baths, saunas, steam rooms, and plenty of seating, bars, and entertainment. It was where men gathered to socialise, relax, and yield to their decadent urges. It was also filled with sex workers. The girls of all shapes and sizes, handpicked by the management, would come and work there, entertaining their customers at a rate of fifty euros for half an hour or a hundred for an hour.</p>
<p>Since prostitution is perfectly legal in Germany, gorgeous girls from everywhere would come in to work through the weekend, have encounters with up to fifty guys, and then go home to their boyfriends and families with pockets full of cash. This was going to be a memorable weekend, as the club managed to make a deal with a famous American porn star to come and perform and offer autographs for the fans. It would be supplemented by a famous female DJ who played naked, and a well-known French chef would prepare the meals for everyone.</p>
<p>All the tickets were sold out long in advance, and the club would be packed with gorgeous women specifically chosen for the event. Some were even transported from their countries just to participate. It was a big deal, and all the VIP customers were invited.</p>
<p>My deal with Heinrich involved getting the list, so I was unsure who was coming. The club had many small rooms with beds where the customers would take the girls to engage in some vigorous sex. It also had several VIP rooms that cost thousands a night, with massive beds, private bubble baths, a sitting room, and even an office reserved for upper-class customers happy to pay for something better.</p>
<p>Those rooms came with their own girls in a tiered system. The top babes were for VIP clients, while the rest were for everyone else. Everything was ready, and I was excited. The place looked much better than I imagined, judging by the pictures.</p>
<p>By midday, all the girls had arrived, put on their skimpy bikinis, and lined up. Heinrich liked to give a pep talk to everyone to explain the dos and don’ts, reiterate the rules, and remind the girls what was expected of them. The money I paid got me direct access to that.</p>
<p>About a hundred girls were standing in a circle, watching Heinrich as he went through his spiel. I watched the girls, on the other hand, paying attention to the VIP ones. All six of them were stunningly beautiful, and the rest were still cute and sexy but kind of average, except one. I almost missed her, hiding at the back, looking at the floor, trying to make herself look invisible.</p>
<p>“Girls, let me introduce you to Jim. He is our VVIP,” Heinrich said, pointing at me, and all eyes but one pair stared at me. All the girls but one stood to attention, throwing me their best smiles and pushing their breasts up, hoping to land a sale.</p>
<p>“I’ll take these six for the night,” I said, pointing at the VIP girls. Everyone gasped; I had never before witnessed a man get girls like that. The rest of them looked down, about to move away, when I interrupted them.</p>
<p>“And one more.” The girls watched me approach the shy one hiding at the end.</p>
<p>“What is your name?”</p>
<p>“I am Anya,” she said with a very strong Eastern European accent.</p>
<p>“Where are you from?”</p>
<p>“I am from Ukraine.” I took her hand and pulled her towards the others I chose. Heinrich wished me a pleasant night and went his own way while all the girls but the seven I chose stood beside me. It felt awkward to stand there in a pinstripe suit surrounded by almost naked women.</p>
<p>“I’ve got to change into something more comfortable. Let’s go upstairs to the VIP room and order some champagne.” The six girls squealed, but Anya remained quiet. I selected the best room and led the girls there, even though I paid for all the VIP rooms for the night and kept them locked. No matter how hard the other guests tried, those rooms would remain for my exclusive use.</p>
<p>There was a knock at the doors, and the girls let the waiters in. They carried three ice buckets with champagne and a large silver plate with hors d’oeuvres, compliments of the French chef. All of us were hungry, having skipped breakfast, except for Anya, who looked at me with quiet desperation in her eyes. It wouldn’t take a genius to figure out that she didn’t want to be there, participate in any of this, and the last thing she had on her mind was sex.</p>
<p>People don’t get into prostitution for fun. It is usually the last option at the end of the rope. I tried talking to Anya a little, but her English was terrible, almost unintelligible. Anything more than the simplest of sentences was impossible. The girls watched me change before them, hanging my suit into the wardrobe and folding my underwear. All of them were interested in seeing me naked to evaluate a man who would be fucking them. Only Anya looked to the side while her face blushed.</p>
<p>“Would anyone like some chocolate?” Anya’s eyes perked up at recognising the word.</p>
<p>“Me, me,” the chorus of girls responded while I put on and tied the bathrobe.</p>
<p>“I’m going to get some. Why don’t you get rid of those silly clothes and start the bath.” The girls giggled and started pulling the strings of their swimwear while I went down and followed the maze into Heinrich’s office.</p>
<p>“Is everything okay?” he asked with raised eyebrows.</p>
<p>“That Ukrainian girl, Anya. What do you know about her?” Heinrich sat down at his computer and sifted through his emails.</p>
<p>“Not much. Is she a problem?”</p>
<p>“No, all is good. Can you email me what you’ve got on her?” Heinrich nodded, and I made my way into the kitchen.</p>
<p>“I would like to talk with the chef.” A tall, slim man appeared, looking at me with concern.</p>
<p>“I just wanted to meet the master of hors d’oeuvres. They were the best I tried.” Immediately, the man smiled, mumbling something in a mixture of English, German, and French. This wouldn’t work, so I pulled out my phone and used a translator.</p>
<p>“I have a very special party upstairs and am waiting for some very important friends. I will pay you a thousand euros plus any expenses to prepare some special delicacies, anything you want, for us. Impress us with your skill.” The man almost hugged me from the excitement, blurting something out and nodding his head. I bowed to him, then pointed at the food, kissing my fingers to let him know it looked excellent.</p>
<p>By the time I got back, all the girls were naked, sipping champagne from the flutes inside a bubbling hot spa, except for one, Anya, who was still dressed in her black bikini swimsuit, standing like a mushroom, trying to figure out what was happening.</p>
<p>“Here, take this,” I passed a tray with chocolate mousse desserts to her, and she immediately made herself useful and placed it on the table, along with a bowl of ripe strawberries. Once you bribe the chef, everything is permitted. I saw where all of this was going. The girls were having fun, but Anya was panicking. I gave her a champagne flute and filled it to the top, as well as mine. I clinked her glass and made her drink it all, then topped it up again.</p>
<p>While she sipped her drink, I went from girl to girl and refilled their drinks, giving each one a strawberry. The girls cheered, clinking their glasses, while I turned to Anya and took her flute away. She was nicely warm and red on her face. I placed her hand in mine, then pulled her to the bedroom and dropped my bathrobe. Her eyes popped open, and she stood there frozen, staring at me like I was some monster.</p>
<p>I used her disorientation to pull on her bikini strings, and they peeled off and fell like brown autumn leaves. Anya tried to say something. I just grabbed her neck with my hand and pulled her towards me, then kissed her hard, pushing my tongue into her mouth.</p>
<p>It was hard to imagine how Heinrich didn’t see it, perhaps because she kept quiet and her head down. Anya was gorgeous, beyond stunning, but her frown ruined it all, and her posture broadcasted, “Leave me alone,” a strange choice for someone who willingly chose to be a prostitute. Like always, there was much more to the people than meets the eye, especially in women as beautiful as this one.</p>
<p>Anya had a thin and soft frame. Her arms and body were small and perfectly shaped, but she didn’t look like muscles and skin; she looked cuddly and incredibly sensual. Her large natural tits rode high on her chest like two soft and perfect cantaloupe halves with pink nipples peaking in front.</p>
<p>It was enough to make any man gasp and ignore everything else, but that would be a mistake. I could explain how others missed it. I lifted her chin with my index finger, and there she was, the sensual goddess.</p>
<p>Anya’s face was oval with big soulful eyes, a mixture of green and grey, looking almost frightened. She had a perfectly straight, cute button nose, but her lips were naturally thick and kissable. That’s why I kissed her as soon as I had a chance. I saw them for a second and fell in love. I was drawn to those ruby pillows of pleasure, enchanted by their warmth and softness.</p>
<p>This would be enough for any man, but Anya had much more to offer. Her dark, straight chestnut hair fell on her sides, covering the upper halves of her magnificent breasts, making me wish to brush it away and nurse on them. Her skin was smooth and flawless, and her waist reminded me of an hourglass, extending down her cute bubble butt, not too big, not too small, just perfect as it was into her thighs that never met, and her long, smooth, feminine legs.</p>
<p>Anya was a perfect fit for magazine covers, but she also seemed scared and incredibly naive. I didn’t need a guide to tell me she was out of place. Whatever situation put her there must have been dire, but it was too late. I saw her and wanted to make her mine. After Dubai, many things had changed. I looked at the world from a different perspective.</p>
<p>Dan was right; it broke something inside me and put me back in a different way. Grr taught me dangerous knowledge, which was dangerous for me and everyone else. It gave me power no man should have. It reminded me of what Lord Acton said, “Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. Great men are almost always bad men, even when they exercise influence and not authority.” I wondered how bad did hooker game make me as I was about to exercise both with this girl that seemed lost in the trap of her own choice.</p>
<p>If I believed in what Lord Acton said, the inverse would also be true—for one to become a great man, he would have to learn to be bad and exercise his influence and authority for his own benefit. It puts so much into perspective and explains so many things.</p>
<p>Without speaking a word, I pushed Anya onto the bed and kissed her passionately. She tasted delicious, and I could feel my cock throbbing with anticipation of exploring her innermost depths. Anya was scared but aroused, and as we continued to kiss, I could feel her body relax, and her hips rise to meet mine.</p>
<p>As we began to have sex, I noticed how she moaned when I grabbed her neck and squeezed her breasts. Anya liked the rough sex and maybe humiliation despite her body language. At the throes of her orgasm, she only wanted it more, harder, and more brutal, and I gave it to her, letting it all out and pistoning my cock so hard that I heard my balls slap.</p>
<p>She moaned, screamed and squealed, and came again and again. Three orgasms in, and I was ready to blast, so I pulled my cock out, aimed, and spilt my sperm all over her face. Anya closed her eyes and squealed, afraid that I would get some of my sperm into her eyes.</p>
<p>After my orgasm subsided, I lay next to her and gently kissed her on the lips. With an index finger, I scooped the sperm from her face and gently pushed it into Anya’s mouth. She first resisted, but after I forced the first finger inside, she left her mouth open, letting me do what I liked. On the third scoop of sperm, I could feel a shudder. Anya was sucking my finger and rotating her hips at the same time. She was fighting who she was with how she felt and losing the battle.</p>
<p>When I heard her pant, I knew it was time to reel it in, so I slid to the ground, put my knees on the carpet, and buried my face between Anya’s legs. She squealed as I feasted on her clit like a starving toddler. She screamed only a few minutes in, pulling the bedsheets with her fists, but I persisted with a smile. I knew that I had caught a big fish. It was time to reel it in, so I licked, getting Anya primed for the big one, possibly the orgasm of her life.</p>
<p>I walked out of the bedroom naked, leaving Anya crying on the bed. She needed some time to sort out her emotions while I handled the other type of business. All the other girls were sitting on sofas, eating food brought by the chef. Undoubtedly, they were enjoying it. I thought about how little was needed to make people happy.</p>
<p>The girls saw me sit behind a dark mahogany desk and recline in an expensive-looking leather swivel chair. I pulled out the laptop and waved the girls over. All six stood on the other side, like in a principal’s office.</p>
<p>“Let’s talk business,” I started, and the girl’s eyes widened. “I bought you for the night to fuck you as much as I want.” All of them nodded in agreement.</p>
<p>“I want to make an additional deal, and I am willing to pay you a reward double what I spent. You could walk away home with three times as much cash if you help me with what I want.” They all nodded, interested in what I was about to tell them.</p>
<p>For the next twenty minutes, I spoke and explained everything. The girls spent another twenty questioning me about every detail before we had an agreement. To ensure I wasn’t bluffing, I pulled out a bunch of cash from my suitcase and put it on the table, letting them see it before locking it in the safe.</p>
<p>“You do this for me as agreed; this cash is yours, right here.” The girls nodded and smiled like a band of conspirators, getting ready to blow up the House of Parliament—remember, the fifth of November—tonight I would light the bonfire, and we wouldn’t fail.</p>
<p>“Now, who wants a bubble bath?” All the girls stood up with a smile. I walked to the tub and sat in it while one of them switched it on, and I closed my eyes, feeling the jets knead my back muscles. The girls brought drinks and snacks and sat on the other side, chatting lively in their own languages, enjoying the little life they had. All of them worked hard for their money and had dreams and challenges. I wouldn’t add to their misery by treating them differently, except for Anya, of course.</p>
<p>I saw her standing in the bedroom door, looking at us. She put on her bathing suit again to cover herself. Our eyes met, and I waved her over. I offered her a hand and pulled her inside. She sat beside me, and I gave her a cup with a chocolate mousse. Her eyes got big like a kid, and she scarfed it down in a second. That’s when I gave her another and a glass of fresh orange juice. She ate and drank this one slower.</p>
<p>I held her hand below water, and she squeezed it while she drank, looking at the girls chatting and having fun, unable to understand anything they said. It seemed to me that Anya felt closer to me than the others. At least we shared something deeply intimate despite her reluctance. Communication was a huge issue, making it impossible to relate any idea or concept. It was a challenge unlike any before, and I was curious to test the extent of my knowledge.</p>
<p>“I could use a nice blowjob. Which one of you girls gives a good head?” Immediately, all of them jumped to argue whose technique was better. There was no illusion in any of the girls; I paid to fuck them, so they wanted to please me and prove their worth to me and maybe earn some tips later. All except Anya, who remained silent.</p>
<p>I let go of my seat and allowed my body to float up. The girl right in front of me just dove between my legs and started slurping on my cock. I counted a minute, then another girl took over, then another, like that in a circle, each showing off their skill and unique technique. Each girl sucks cock differently, but when you’ve got six of them together competing to see who is better, you really notice how different they are and compare their strategies to please a man with their tongues.</p>
<p>“That’s enough,” I said after several rounds. “I can’t choose which is best because you are all amazing.” That was a good thing to say, and I watched six hookers puff up in pride at being complimented on their oral prowess. I thought this would seem utterly bizarre somewhere in some other universe, but in a place like this, it was normalised.</p>
<p>Anya looked at me with her big eyes as I pulled on her bikini strings and pulled them away, crumpled them in my hand to squeeze water, and then threw them across the room, accidentally hitting the garbage. If I aimed for it, I would have missed it. Anya was about to say something but bit her tongue as I pulled her into my lap and, after wiggling a little, stuck my cock into her pussy and played with her breasts.</p>
<p>One of the girls started saying something; the other laughed. Soon enough, all six of them were busy debating some topic while I leisurely fucked their Ukrainian colleague. I don’t know how much time has passed. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the feel of my cock inside Anya’s pussy. She was safe; all of them were. Heinrich assured me that all the girls working there had up-to-date health certificates and were tested once a month. There was no chance of picking up anything more than a cold from them.</p>
<p>At one moment, I noticed Anya moving independently, grinding her pelvis and gyrating her hips. Her nipples were painfully extended, and when I looked from the side, her eyes were closed. Some girls on the other side were whispering and snickering. Obviously, Anya was too far gone in her own arousal, seeking her own release. I kneaded her fat tits in response, focusing on my own pleasure and the feel of her hot pussy on my cock, milking it.</p>
<p>I could feel Anya’s orgasm from a mile away. Her pussy squeezed and pumped, rippling across my shaft. It was all I could stand, getting lost in my own fantasies, and I let go and released. My cock twitched and blasted, filling her pussy with a generous dose of hot white semen.</p>
<p>Anya moaned quietly and trembled in my arms, impaled on my cock, riding her own orgasm for a minute, and then she slumped. My cock was still semi-hard inside her, and I continued to pump, keeping the blood flow on, knowing from experience that if I kept it on for another ten minutes, I would be hard as steel, ready to fuck again. Thanks to god and science for all the extra testosterone. I made a mental note to thank Kris, my personal trainer, for keeping me fit and my libido in top shape.</p>
<p>The girls watched from the other side. I could tell some were interested. It was quite a sight, watching Anya cum in front of them. She slumped with her back against my chest after her orgasm, and I used all my skills to give her a massage, kneading her neck and shoulders, arms, and breasts until she almost purred. I could see she gave up the idea of not getting fucked all night.</p>
<p>Some twenty minutes later, I was ready to go again. My cock was hard like a steel pipe, but I wanted something else. Anya yelped a little, feeling her pussy suddenly empty again, and before she managed to say something, I was pulling her hand towards the bedroom again.</p>
<p>“Anyone wants to help?” I asked, and all the girls got up and followed. I was going to fuck Anya’s asshole, and the girls would lick her pussy and suck on her tits while vibing her with Hitachi Magic Wand at the same time till I get her to squirt again.</p>

</body>
</html>
