<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 41 - Checkmate</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 41 - Checkmate</h2>
<p>My phone bleeped, and I checked the message. The party was starting downstairs, and I got the best view of the house. All the girls were smart enough to take their bikinis off before getting into the bath, except Anya, of course, whose bikini was still wet and cold. She was still dizzy when I pulled her up from the bed, but she quickly turned a lovely shade of red when she realised I would parade her in front of everyone completely naked, unlike the other girls who wore their swimwear.</p>
<p>It must have felt humiliating to be the only fully naked girl in the club. Even the strippers on the stage started with at least some clothes. In a sense, she would be the biggest slut in the place, and the eyes of all the men would be focused on her, imagining fucking her and stuffing her face with their cocks.</p>
<p>Anya pleaded for something and pointed at a trash can with her finger. I only assumed she wanted to put on her wet swimsuit again. I was having none of it. She should have thought about it earlier.</p>
<p>One of the scantily clad waitresses led us to our VIP table with an ice bucket, champagne, and various snacks on a silver serving plate. All eyes were on us. Every guy stared at a man with seven hottest girls in the place, and one of them was completely naked.</p>
<p>Only six empty seats were there, and I made Anya sit in my lap. The lights went down as the volume increased, the strippers walked out on the podium, and the show started. After each dance, the crowd would go wild and clap. Those with small denomination notes would throw them at the girls on stage.</p>
<p>It was great fun, and all my girls enjoyed themselves, looking at the dancers and praising their moves. The strippers were professional, with athletic bodies and sinuous curves. They knew how to arouse and entice with their acrobatic moves. A waitress came over to change our bottle and bring some homemade crackers and black caviar, compliments of the chef.</p>
<p>I saw this sparked Anya’s interest, so I used a small piece to scoop some and put it into her mouth. Anya closed her eyes and chewed with pleasure. I finally found her kryptonite. I wasn’t a great fan of caviar or any food with strong smells except cheese. Different people and different cultures have their own habits. Hers was an interesting and expensive one.</p>
<p>A small piece dropped off and fell on her nipple. I bowed my head and put it into my mouth, then sucked on it. Immediately, Anya’s nipples popped up like pencil erasers. I took a bit more caviar and added it to another. Goodbye, dance routine; we started to attract quite a few onlookers. The girls were dancing on the stage while I was sucking on some nice boobies. It was easy to figure out which was more enjoyable for the onlookers, especially when the young woman closed her eyes and started gyrating.</p>
<p>Anya had very sensitive nipples, and after experiencing multiple orgasms, her entire body was oversensitive to any kind of sexual play. The song ended, and then another one began. I continued sucking on Anya’s breasts and rubbing her clitoris with my hand. The entire situation with the sex club and the onlookers turned her on even more. It was humiliating, but somehow, it pushed her further. Once Anya accepted that she was just a sexual object for men’s pleasure, she let go of any false morality, seeking salvation for her soul in sexuality. I was surprised to see how the mind worked sometimes. I wished I could talk to her, but there was no point in even trying.</p>
<p>Another round of applause and another group of dancers appeared. I noticed Anya started gyrating her hips again, slowly rubbing her pussy against my leg. Instantly, my cock jumped up. The decadence of what she was doing turned me on even more.</p>
<p>I repositioned her slightly and twisted until my cock was pressing against her pussy entrance, feeling her wet and hot cavity gently rubbing against the tip of my member. As the music changed and the strobe lights flashed, Anya dared to move a bit more until, at one moment, she slipped and impaled herself on the entire length of my cock and squeezed.</p>
<p>Goodbye to the strip show or planned entertainment. One-third of the guys were looking the other way as Anya gyrated, rubbing my cock with her pussy muscles while I kneaded her breasts and pulled on her nipples. This went on for a while until I felt my orgasm building again. Anya had three small orgasms before I erupted once more. My cock twitched inside her hot, trembling orifice and released my semen, coating the walls of her pussy with my essence for the third time that day. Thanks to Tara’s relentless training and Amy’s insatiable sex drive, I knew I could go at least three more times, but I was saving myself for later.</p>
<p>Everyone applauded, and the lights came on. Anya stood up, and my cock slipped out, followed by droplets of sperm rolling down her thighs. It caught the attention of many, and I received a pat on the back.</p>
<p>I saw a man in his early fifties at the adjoining VIP table. He was tall with a muscular build and a slight beer belly. I could tell he took care of himself and exercised but also enjoyed the good life. I could understand that. It’s easy to get used to the finer things in life. I raised my champagne glass to him and nodded. He filled his glass and did the same. Another glass of champagne arrived, and I motioned for the man to join us.</p>
<p>“Cheers to your good taste,” the man said, introducing himself as Gunner. We shook hands, and I handed him a champagne flute.</p>
<p>“To better opportunities.”</p>
<p>“I’ll drink to that,” Gunner said, clinking his glass against mine.</p>
<p>“Do I detect an American accent?” Gunner laughed. His accent was unmistakable.</p>
<p>“And you’re English, I presume.”</p>
<p>“Yep, born and raised, a Londoner.”</p>
<p>“To happy coincidences,” the man raised his glass, and I was happy to drink to that. Some people familiar with higher mathematics and chaos theory would say there are no coincidences. If a man could control all of the system’s parameters, everything would be predictable.</p>
<p>The show ended, and the men and the girls milled about, swimming or sunbathing under powerful lamps, trying to pair up and close a deal.</p>
<p>“It is busy tonight, and you’re hogging all the action,” Gunner said, and I laughed.</p>
<p>“You know what they say. Good fortune is what happens when opportunity meets with planning.”</p>
<p>“That’s Thomas Edison.”</p>
<p>“You are right.” I liked Gunner. He was well-spoken, well-mannered, and clearly well-educated. “Let me guess, Berkeley?” the man laughed.</p>
<p>“Only for the undergrad, then Wharton. How about you? Cambridge?”</p>
<p>“Guilty as charged,” I said and refilled his glass. We were making friends fast. “How did you know?”</p>
<p>“It is the smugness. All Cambridge graduates I met were almost as bad as those from Wharton.”</p>
<p>“It takes one to know one.”</p>
<p>“I’ll drink to that.” The drinks were coming, and the girls giggled, watching us spar. Two men, exceptionally well educated, were cracking nuts and enjoying our time. Our conversation veered to travel and personal interests, and we found that we had much in common. It turns out the whorehouses are perfect for making affluent friends, so we talked and laughed.</p>
<p>After some time, a bell rang, and the DJ announced that the food was ready to be served, listing all sorts of delicacies.</p>
<p>“I am a bit peckish; how about you?” Gunner nodded, offering me to join him for dinner.</p>
<p>“I have a better idea. Why don’t you release your companions and join me in the VIP room upstairs? I’ve got the chef making something special. As you can see, I have plenty to go around.” Gunner appraised my girls, and they were a significant upgrade; he nodded and tipped his girls to go away.</p>
<p>“How did you manage to get a VIP room? When I asked, they told me it was impossible. All of them were taken.”</p>
<p>“Simple, I took them all and all the best ladies.” Gunner looked at me with raised eyebrows and big saucer eyes. “Come, let’s have some food and drinks in private, then my ladies could entertain us.” He followed.</p>
<p>Gunner looked around and smiled. It was the best VIP room in the place. Within moments, the waiters arrived carrying trays and plates, setting up a banquet with the chef’s compliments. While people downstairs got pork and chicken, we got lamb, beef, duck, fresh cream soups, and expensive wines. The chef was an epicure who outdid himself.</p>
<p>Gunner sat on one side and ate, with me on another. We raised our glasses to celebrate our newfound friendship and dug in. I especially enjoyed watching Anya eat. She was starved and slurping her soup like it was the last plate in the world, eying the rest like it would disappear at any moment.</p>
<p>We spent our time in pleasant chit-chat, talking about travel, life, cars, and motorcycles. When he heard about my Ducati, he wanted one, and I was jealous when he told me about his brand-new electric Hummer. Gunner has visited Dubai multiple times and had a room at the Burj Al Arab. One thing he didn’t do was have sex in the sand, swearing he would try it the next time.</p>
<p>The meal ended, and the waiters took the plates, pouring a glass of scotch each before leaving us alone. We sipped the aged beverage, enjoying a moment of silence. The girls ate too much and were sleeping it off for a bit, except for Anya, who still munched on her plate. She didn’t let the waiters take it away.</p>
<p>“So, Jim. Tell me what this is all about. I know when I am being buttered.” I laughed. Gunner was exceptionally smart and observant, not that I worked hard to hide it so much.</p>
<p>“I want to talk to you about business, Gunner, or should we drop the pretence and call you Owen Fisher, born and raised in Walnut Creek, California, recruited at twenty-five, and climbing all the way to the CEO title, working at the New York office.” The man laughed. I pulled out a yellow manila folder and handed it to him, then took a sip and watched him go through it.</p>
<p>“This is a shakedown,” he said, looking at all the information inside.</p>
<p>“No, Owen. This is an opportunity.” My private investigator did an incredible job, combing Owen’s life with a fine-tooth comb, finding all the discrepancies, and connecting the dots. There was enough information there to bankrupt the man and put him in jail for at least fifteen years. Going to prison at fifty would be a life sentence, or at least living the rest of his days bummed instead of chilling his bum on the beach like nature intended.</p>
<p>“What are you talking about? If this gets out, I would be screwed.”</p>
<p>“You’re looking at it wrong. I got all of this from a private investigator. If I could get it, someone else could, too. I’m not here to extort you but present an opportunity.”</p>
<p>“What if I refuse?”</p>
<p>“I guess then you’ll have a problem.” I looked into his eyes and smiled. Owen stared at me for almost a minute, then burst out in laughter.</p>
<p>“You have some balls, Jim. I’ll give you that.”</p>
<p>“Remember those Godfather movies. I am here to give you an offer so good, you can’t refuse it.” Owen started laughing so hard that he almost fell from the chair. The situation was so funny that I had to join in. He got me, and I got him; we were in it together. I reached out for the scotch bottle and filled our glasses. We took a few sips, staring at each other, then burst into laughter again. I don’t even know what was funny, but the situation was ridiculous. Two men in white bathrobes, sitting sprawled on sofas next to a bunch of hookers blackmailing each other. If Dante were alive, he’d call it a divine comedy and probably write a book about it.</p>
<p>“Alright, then, let’s have it. What’s the deal?”</p>
<p>“I know you’re currently getting two per cent of the contract value as a bribe, paid into your offshore account. Unfortunately, whoever set it up for you is an amateur, and I was able to trace it. If I could do it, so can the feds. Money laundering will get you a prison sentence, if nothing else. The deal I am offering is five per cent, and when you get the cash, it will be untraceable.”</p>
<p>Owen instantly stopped smiling. We were not threatening anymore but talking business. He was the money guy and knew the ins and outs of the corporate world, and the offer I made was better than any he ever had on the table. He would stand to make millions on top of the millions he already made. I handed him another manila folder containing the details of the proposal with complete financial projections and a printout of all the numbers, as well as the maths and the formulas in appendices that were used to get there.</p>
<p>I watched Anya go catatonic and fall asleep with her head on the table. She ate so much food that she passed out. It was funny, and I wanted to laugh. Owen was lost in the papers, and all thoughts of sex and fun vanished. This was business, and I was right. The offer was too good for him to pass on. He sipped his scotch, flipped through the papers, looked at the numbers, and flipped back. Finally, he closed the folder and poured some more scotch.</p>
<p>“I can’t just make this happen. The board won’t go for it. There is too much risk.” He was right. No sane board member would vote for that. The risk was unpalatable, and I knew he would say that.</p>
<p>“What if the board had no choice?” He looked at me, and I took the final manila folder and passed it on to him. It was the thickest one, over a hundred pages. It contained a complete risk assessment document with proposed mitigations and associated numbers.</p>
<p>“You’ve been lied to, Owen. Your supplier has you by the balls because they are bribing you. They made sure there was a paper trail, leading to third parties involved. If this blows up, it will be your ass, and they will just get a slap on the wrist.” I could see the recognition dawn in his eyes, and his face looked darker with every page he read.</p>
<p>“This can’t be true.”</p>
<p>“Your contract allows for independent audits. You never did one because of the bribes, but I guarantee it: Six months from now, your company will be at least two billion dollars out of pocket, and you will be out of a job.” He believed me now. I watched him flip through the pages in rising panic, then put it all down and look into my eyes.</p>
<p>“What can I do?”</p>
<p>“This is where the opportunity comes in. Unlike with your old partners, it is just you and me here. We are in it together. I need you, and you need me. I have a plan.” He got me at last. This wasn’t a shakedown but a real opportunity that would save his ass and make him rich. It could be the final push for him before he retired. The money he would make could ensure that.</p>
<p>“I need some coffee,” he said, and I called the waitress. Ten minutes later, she brought us a pot with cups and disappeared. We sipped the sweet nectar of sobriety for over an hour before we shook hands and agreed to work together. Of course, I could use all this material I found to squeeze Owen and force him to dance the way I liked, but I preferred a friend to an enemy. There was enough money for everyone, and there was no need for greed.</p>
<p>“You played a perfect game,” Owen said, shaking my hand again. I gave him the key to another VIP room and smiled.</p>
<p>“Go, take your girls and have some fun. You dodged a bullet and made money in the process. That deserves a celebration.”</p>
<p>“Which ones will you give me?” He pointed at the six girls on the bed.</p>
<p>“They are all for you, partner. All of this is for you. I’ll just keep this one. She kind of grew on me.” I pointed at Anya, who regained consciousness and stared at us with her big eyes, watching me point my finger at her. She flinched, thinking I would make her fuck my new friend, but Owen just shook her hand and walked out, calling the six to follow.</p>
<p>This weekend trip cost me a bomb and put a severe dent in my already strained savings, but I achieved what I set out to do, and I was in business. I poured myself another cup of coffee cup, took it to the hot bath, and submerged myself inside, switching on the bubbles. I could feel the stress coming out of my muscles. This was the hardest game I played, with everything at stake. Inside my head, I thanked Dan, Grr, and everyone who helped me shape myself into a man who could pull this off. There was no way for the old Jim to come off even a little believable. Owen would see through him, and the deal would never happen.</p>
<p>Anya watched me from the other side of the room. For a moment, I forgot about her, celebrating the win for myself and alone. This was the culmination of endless planning, and it went perfectly. It liberated me and gave a new meaning to my life. The rest would be just going through the motions and pushing it to the end.</p>
<p>I saw Anya get up and walk towards me, then enter the bath. She wrapped her arms around my neck and her legs around my waist, and our eyes locked. No words were necessary; she understood everything inside my eyes, and then we kissed for the very first time.</p>

</body>
</html>
