<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 42 - Power of one</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 42 - Power of one</h2>
<p>The club closed at six, and they kicked everyone out except me. I had a long night, and they let me sleep it off. After all, I spent enough cash to buy me some preferential treatment. I woke up sometime after nine, feeling starved with Anya lying on top of me, looking literally and metaphorically fucked.</p>
<p>When she joined me in the tub last night, we had sex in the bubbling water one more time, then I took her to bed and ate her pussy again before fucking her two more times, cumming inside her pussy and asshole. It must have been close to four in the morning when we finally collapsed, sweaty and sexually drained. I gave it my best, everything I had, and took it all out on the young Ukrainian woman.</p>
<p>She stirred and jumped a little, sensing my move. The night had ended, and it was a bright new day outside. The fantasy was over, and she needed to go home. I could see the sadness on her face. I cupped it with my hand, and her eyes fluttered before she closed them. We were from two different worlds, and she knew that. I could have used the translator app to communicate, but there was nothing to say.</p>
<p>Anya watched me jump into the shower and lather my skin. Ten minutes later, I was out, feeling refreshed after cold water. She went in next, and I made a phone call while putting on clothes. Five minutes later, one of the assistants brought up a small sports bag containing all of Anya’s clothes, including her wallet and documents. She had twenty Euros in it and a folded hundred Grivnas note, some Ukrainian money, which she probably kept there for luck.</p>
<p>I checked her passport, which was brand new, and she had only one stamp when she entered Poland. The sound of feet tapping on marble came from behind me, and I turned to see Anya wrapped in a towel and drying her hair with another. Her eyes widened when she recognised her bag, but she focused on her passport, and I read it out.</p>
<p>“Anna Tkachenko, nineteen years old.” I could see her eyes water, and then she almost jumped when I closed her passport and put it into my pocket. I gave her a stern look, and she calmed down; then, I looked through her bag again and threw it at her. She got the message and started putting on her clothes.</p>
<p>When Anya turned to me, I had a small stack of cash in my hand. I handed it over to her, and she counted, mumbling “Dyakuyu,” and almost curtsied. I could see from the look in her eyes how much it meant to her. I reached into my pocket and pulled out a stack double that size, then counted the same amount of notes on the table and another. Anya watched me put them together and wave them before her, studying her reaction. She couldn’t take her eyes off the money. I mimicked one and two with my fingers, looking directly into her eyes and willing her to understand.</p>
<p>Anya quickly nodded in agreement and watched me pocket the cash. I offered her an arm, and she took it before we left the room together. She was an intelligent girl. I paid her for the night, and without words, I made a deal with her for the next two days. Judging by her body language, this was the most money she had ever made.</p>
<p>The cleaners were all over the place, preparing it for another night. Heinrich was long gone, but the administrator stayed. She thanked me for the visit and said a taxi awaited me outside.</p>
<p>“Take me to the centre, please.” The driver nodded, put the car into drive, and we were off, sitting at the back. Anya sought out my hand and entwined her fingers with mine. Her palms were sweaty. I could tell she was nervous. She probably had never done anything like this before. Last night, I had plenty of time to read through all the information Heinrich emailed me. There wasn’t much, but what I gathered was that Anya flew right in from Warsaw, and that was only two days ago, and her passport was little more than a week old.</p>
<p>Anya wore simple distressed blue jeans and old sports shoes, a white T-shirt with a pink blouse on top, covered by a cheap denim jacket. It looked at least a year old, maybe more, and regularly washed. Something told me those were her best clothes, and the keys in her bag had a small metal plate attached with a logo and the name of a cheap hostel. I’ve seen those and the lockers they had. It would be impossible to keep anything bigger than hand luggage inside. The security was virtually nonexistent, which would explain why she carried her documents everywhere, including what I assumed was her Ukrainian identity card, written in Cyrillic, which I couldn’t read.</p>
<p>The taxi driver dropped us at a mall in the centre; I paid for the ride and tipped him well. Anya watched me with her big eyes as I took her hand and pulled her inside. We started with the shoes, and I got her a brand-new pair. I could see her eyes water when I paid. The salesperson offered us a box with her old shoes, but I told her to throw them away.</p>
<p>Anya was a little surprised, but I shrugged and pulled her hand. Next was a fancy lingerie store; buying panties was easy, but it was hard to find a bra her size. Her massive mammaries refused to be contained. She actually giggled when none of the bras fit. We went from one store to another until I found one that carried the size for voluptuous women and bought her a matching purple lace bra and panties. They looked amazing on her and fit her great.</p>
<p>Everything got much easier after that. I bought Anya a lovely new pair of Armani jeans and a T-shirt, a beautiful multicoloured sweater made with Kashmir wool, a Versace leather jacket, and a Burberry handbag. I topped it all with nice Bulgari sunglasses before I took her to a makeup section and got her a Mac cosmetics set, asking the salesperson to apply it first. Finally, I let Anya go to the salon and get her nails done.</p>
<p>“Ta, ta, ta, don’t cry now. You’ll ruin it all.” I took a paper tissue and dabbed her eyes. When Anya saw herself in a mirror, all dressed up like that, she burst into tears, and her chin shook uncontrollably. Her eyes looked at me like she saw God. I pulled her in and planted a big fat kiss on her perfectly made-up lips, which tasted of peach.</p>
<p>“Come, let’s have breakfast.” Anya clung to my hand like a limpet as I led her out of the mall onto a main street. We walked around briefly, and she only held my arm tighter. When we stopped, she whispered, “Thank you,” and we kissed again. Dressed like this, Anya was turning heads. She looked like an exclusive fashion accessory to an older, wealthy man. I saw it, and she saw it. Anyone bothering to look saw it as well.</p>
<p>We sat in a small café down the street, and I ordered scrambled eggs with a German sausage and sourdough bread. Anya opted for scones and honey with a healthy serving of coffee and milk. It was kind of funny watching the two of us sitting in silence, glancing into each other’s eyes with smiles, bursting to communicate, unable to cross the language barrier. It was like a game where we let the actions speak instead of words.</p>
<p>While Anya was in the toilet, I called the concierge to make some arrangements, then called my lawyer in the US and asked him to find someone to sort things out for me in the UK. I just put the phone down when I saw Anya walk out. She looked like a million bucks, walking like a princess, turning the heads of everyone she passed. Instead of her chair, she sat in my lap. I’ve never seen anyone happier than Anya for being alive.</p>
<p>The waiter came over, responding to my hand signals. I paid for the food and bought Anya a pretzel. She giggled like a kid and stuffed it into my mouth, so I took a bite, and she nibbled as we walked. Anya trusted me now and followed wherever I walked. We had so much sex last night, and I made a point of getting rid of the six girls, choosing Anya instead of them. At the end of our marathon fucking, Anya collapsed. I doubt anyone ever fucked her so thoroughly in her life. Towards the final moments, she was only able to squeal as I jackhammered my cock into her asshole. I destroyed her body, taking every ounce of my pleasure with no regard for how she felt. I paid for her body and took what I wanted.</p>
<p>There was nothing more a man could want from a woman sexually, and I was sure Anya understood that. I left no doubt in her mind that she wasn’t the first or the last one to go through this, but after the night was over and I was supposed to leave, I took her with me and offered to pay her the same for two more days. Instead of climbing on top of her again, I bought her clothes and took her on a date. I made it easy to understand that I was playing a long game, and Anya was interested, becoming complicit when she saw herself in the mirror. She looked like a princess.</p>
<p>Anya would point at something and smile, then I would point at something else, and she would giggle. We were developing our own language. I felt good, and she felt great. After some time, we reached a large clearing with a train station on the other end. I led her across the road, and we were there.</p>
<p>She watched with curiosity as I bought train tickets. It was her first German train ride, and she was excited to see new things everywhere. As long as she held on to me tight, Anya felt safe. Since last night, I have built enough trust for her to follow me without fear.</p>
<p>The train stopped, and we exited. I led Anya through a maze of corridors until she realised we were at the airport. She got a little nervous, and I could tell by how tight she held onto me and the sweat of her palms. I pulled her relentlessly forward at a leisurely pace until we reached the security control and pushed her through the scanners. On the other side, she quickly attached to my arm, looking at me with some fear in her wide-open blue eyes. I smiled and kissed her, stroking her hair. That seemed to calm her down for a minute.</p>
<p>We strolled down the corridors until we hit the duty-free shops. I tried several perfumes on her until I found the one I liked, paid for it, and gave it to her with a small pack of Toblerone. It was the right move, and the chocolate helped. By the time we reached Starbucks and ordered two coffees, Anya was calm and curious again.</p>
<p>I led her to the gate, and we sat there. She started to ask some questions, but I put my finger on her lips, and then we kissed. This shut her up for some time, so we sipped our coffee and stared at each other. Then, I winked with a smile, and she burst into laughter. It was all a game, and she felt happy and safe with me. I didn’t do anything to harm her in any way. No words could explain that. People say actions speak louder than words, so I wanted to try that instead.</p>
<p>The airline staff called for boarding and invited the first-class passengers. There were only Anya and me, and two businessmen. I took her hand, and we walked towards the plane. They would check for a visa, but our tickets were connecting flights to Warsaw with a stopover, so they said nothing and let us through.</p>
<p>I gave Anya the window seat while I took the aisle. I could feel her heartbeat like a drum. She was scared but excited. A strange man who paid to have sex with her the entire night put her on a plane, taking her somewhere. It was like a modern reenactment of one of the Arabian tales. The stewardess brought us some drinks, and we waited for the rest of the passengers to board. In no time, the doors closed, and the plane rolled to the runway.</p>
<p>Anya squeezed my hand tight as the plane took off. Her eyes were glued to the window. She didn’t want to miss a moment, soaking in the beginning of her grand adventure. I theorised that a girl forced into prostitution was broken enough and hit the bottom hard. It was clearly her first day as a prostitute, and she found it hard to reconcile dozens of men climbing on top of her and using her as a sex object with everything she believed. Anya was clearly desperate, trying to survive and probably save someone. She had no scars or stretch marks on her body, so I assumed it was not a child but most likely a sibling or a parent.</p>
<p>The money I gave her meant survival for whoever, and the two times that was all that much better. Besides, how much worse could it get? I already had sex with her seven ways to Sunday. Logic would dictate that it is morally better to have sex with one man a hundred times than with a hundred men one time each. I couldn’t guess her mental processes, but I kept throwing curveballs at Anya to keep her on her toes and unbalanced so she couldn’t settle into one way of thinking until I got her to where I wanted. Grr would be proud of me. It was a manipulation of the first order.</p>
<p>I was sure some people would be disgusted with me and call me a monster, but I was long past such criticism. It wouldn’t affect me anymore. Does the end justify the means? It did in my world. Dan was right in the end. The hooker game changes you from the inside. I wasn’t as jaded as Grr, but my time in Dubai somehow redefined me. All that I learned, guided by Grr, pushed me to another level. The man who returned to the UK wasn’t the same as the one who left, or maybe I was always that person, and finally, I got into my own. Who would have guessed that my true nature was ruthless?</p>
<p>The plane landed and rolled to the gate. The jetway extended, and we stepped into the hallway. Anya followed me in step, squeezing my arm so hard that her fingers turned white. Her palms were sweaty, and she stayed close to me. Clearly, Anya was petrified. She squealed a little when she recognised little British flags everywhere.</p>
<p>“England?” She mumbled, looking at me with those beautiful big blue eyes.</p>
<p>“Yes. Home.” No power on earth or heaven could stop her tears as they rolled from the sides, ruining her makeup forever. She hugged me so tight and trembled that I almost shook with her from the vibration. Anya knew she couldn’t be there. The UK requires visas for Ukrainian citizens, so she braced herself for the worst.</p>
<p>“Hey, look at me.” I pulled her chin and stared into her eyes. “You are mine.” I showed her the translation on my phone. Her eyes went from the text to my eyes and back. Those three simple words were loaded. Anya placed her hand on her heart, then pointed at me, and I nodded. “Yes. You are mine.” That’s when she lost her strength and fell to her knees, wrapping her arms around my legs and bawling.</p>
<p>“Are you okay?” One airport staff came, noticing the commotion, and offered help.</p>
<p>“No, we need your help. I am a British citizen. My lawyer is outside with all my documents. This is my girlfriend, Anna Tkachenko. Here is her passport. She is a refugee, and I am her sponsor.” The kind lady’s eyes grew big, and she called on her radio. Within minutes, a whole bunch of staff gathered. Anya was in shock and wouldn’t get up, so I lifted her in my arms and carried her surrounded by the airport staff, security, and a person rolling a wheelchair.</p>
<p>Getting into the country is not easy, especially as I didn’t register for sponsorship in advance. All the staff showed incredible kindness to a distressed girl, offering her water. She just held on to me and cried. They led us to an office, and ten minutes later, a translator appeared, a woman in her late thirties. She spoke to Anya, and the poor girl cried, holding onto me and telling the translator everything.</p>
<p>Meanwhile, my lawyer got through and presented them with my national insurance number, tax records, and all sorts of other documents. Anya was clearly endangered and refused to leave my side even for a minute. They held us there for over four hours with a range of people going in and out, making me sign all sorts of documents, place a bond into a bank account, and all kinds of procedures until they produced a bunch of papers in English and Ukrainian and made Anya read through it and sign, then we were done.</p>
<p>“Welcome to the United Kingdom,” a kind policewoman said, holding Anya’s hand in support. She burst into tears again, and I hugged her before she took my hand again. It was an emotional moment. The translator spent some time with me, explaining what exactly happened.</p>
<p>“She was forced into prostitution by her ex-boyfriend who threatened her family.” It was sick and escalating. Anya would have to send home the money, most of which her ex-boyfriend would keep. She told the translator everything, her name, address, who’s who, and where.</p>
<p>“It is clearly unsafe for the family to remain in Ukraine.” The senior policeman listening to the conversation added.</p>
<p>“So what happens next?”</p>
<p>“We already started the case and would liaise with Interpol and the Ukrainian embassy.”</p>
<p>“Why don’t we just bring her family over? I’ll pay for the transport if you can liaise with their police.” This got the man thinking and promised to consider it an option. There was a procedure they had to follow.</p>
<p>Lamin waited with the car outside. By that time, Anya managed to calm down a little, just enough to get into another shock. She was welcomed by a uniformed driver who welcomed her to the top-of-the-range Maybach limousine. Her eyes were everywhere. Still, Anya was unwilling to let go of my hand. The city grew bigger with tall skyscrapers and offices as we approached Westminster, driving slowly so Anya could absorb everything.</p>
<p>“Come on,” I called when the car finally stopped. Anya took my hand and looked around, getting her first impressions of London. I took her to the building entrance, and a short elevator ride later, I showed her my home. It was a small, cosy one-bedroom apartment, spotless and meticulously organised, thanks to Tara.</p>
<p>I took my clothes off and hung them, throwing the underwear into an empty laundry basket before walking into the shower to wash away hours of travel. Anya watched me for a bit, then caught her reflection in a tall mirror and preened. This was much better than she imagined, and she spent a few minutes exploring the place, checking the empty fridge, and putting her nose everywhere.</p>
<p>By the time she was done exploring, I was already on the bed, lying on my back naked. Anya smiled at me, took her clothes off, showered, and washed her hair. There was no doubt another woman lived in this place, given the amount of hair products neatly packed in the shower.</p>
<p>My eyes popped open, feeling a soft body lay next to me. Anya hugged me from the side, kissed my cheek, then wrapped herself around me, and we fell asleep. Neither of us slept enough last night, and after the border ordeal, we only wanted to take a nap.</p>
<p>The loud noise of closing doors, followed by giggles, made me jump. Anya was in a panic, trying to cover herself up. Four girls barged into the bedroom, carrying a pile of paper bags. They dropped their shoes and jumped on the bed, laughing and squealing, pointing at the poor, confused girl and me.</p>
<p>While stuck at immigration, I texted the girls, explaining the situation and asking them to go shopping. Anya had nothing except the clothes and an old Samsung phone with a broken screen. The girls took it upon themselves to recreate Anya’s life from scratch. I gave them her exact measurements, and they went on a small shopping spree to buy her some clothes.</p>
<p>It took Anya a few moments to realise that the girls weren’t shocked or offended by her nakedness. Amy pulled out a box with a pair of Jimmy Choo high heel shoes. They looked exquisite. She passed the box to Anya and had her look at them. The poor girl didn’t realise what was happening while I leaned against the headboard, watching the show.</p>
<p>“This is for you,” Amy said, gesticulating heavily.</p>
<p>“What? For me?” Anya couldn’t believe what she was hearing, and then suddenly, it clicked. The shoes were her size, and the girls pulled out exquisite bras that wouldn’t fit any of them.</p>
<p>“Here come the waterworks,” I said, and like on cue, Anya burst into tears, covering her eyes with a quilt. I could only imagine the humiliation and pain she went through in her life to be forced into prostitution by a man holding her family hostage.</p>
<p>The girls hugged the poor crying girl and joined her with tears and sniffles, and then, five minutes later, everyone was laughing. I loved watching Anya’s blue eyes. They were so expressive. The girls dragged the naked girl onto the centre of the bed and passed on bags and boxes to her, so she unpacked them and found another gift inside. It was like all the Christmases came together at once. Some boxes contained shoes, others socks, bras, or panties. It wasn’t enough for a complete wardrobe, but Anya could go cycling her clothes for a month.</p>
<p>It felt to me like some sort of a grown-up Barbie doll thing. The girls dressed Anya up, brought her to the mirror, undressed her, and put something else on. She just accepted it, with big eyes and a smile, feeling like a princess, pampered in a castle.</p>
<p>Eventually, the girls exhausted themselves and fell flat on their backs over the bed. Anya came up to me and hugged me so tight I thought I would need an osteopath to fix my neck.</p>
<p>“Thank you. Oh, thank you,” Anya went on, kissing me repeatedly like someone who had just had her life saved.</p>
<p>“Is anyone hungry?” I asked, and all the girls squealed in happiness. “Let’s get dressed and show Anya some nice places.” Everyone was now up, taking all the clothes and pulling Anya away into Amy’s place, where the girls would freshen up and change their clothes.</p>
<p>I thought about everything that had happened and smiled, considering buying a bus if I continued this way. The Maybach was registered to transport five people, not seven. We were approaching a crowd better suited for a people carrier. I laughed. To be surrounded by gorgeous women, all wanting to please me and asking for sex, was a nice problem to have. I took a deep breath and closed my eyes, reminiscing about how my life had changed.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>There was little to do other than wait. I went to the office and came back home. Life went back to its usual routine, with one little change. The American girls finally decided to go home. They had too many things to do for their studies, and they couldn’t afford being away for much longer, resulting in a very emotional moment.</p>
<p>For the last two days of their stay, Rylee and Callie spent the night sleeping in my bed, hugging me and kissing me with a lot of sex. The two were insatiable, begging me to bring them over again. We spent our last weekend practically in bed, fucking until everything hurt. I filled the girls with so much sperm that I imagined they would be dripping it for a week after. If there was one thing I had in abundance, it was sex.</p>
<p>Tara and Amy got a little depressed when the Americans left. They had built such a deep bond that it felt like they were losing sisters. Luckily, Anya was there, and the two focused all their efforts on teaching her English. With nothing else to do, her progress was staggering. Even after a week, we could talk about some basics. Anya’s pronunciation was frighteningly bad, but I could understand what she said, and she understood when I spoke slower. We could communicate a little.</p>
<p>Every day, I would go to the office, click and clack on my computer, and waste my time waiting for some news from Owen. Nothing much came. He planned a meeting with the board of directors and promised to keep me informed. Meanwhile, I focused on spending plenty of time with my Indian delivery partner friends, architects, software developers, and managers, organising meetings and sharing knowledge with them. It helped pass the time.</p>
<p>Lamin would pick me up with the car and Amy inside every day after work. After the first time she tried, Amy decided the danger of being caught turned her on, so more often than not, she would ride completely naked at the back. Panties became a thing of the past, and Amy never wore them. A young, soon-to-be mother was living the dream, entertaining the hundreds of thousands of her followers with the news of her pregnancy. It turns out there was a massive market for cute pregnant blondes with DDLG fetish, and judging by the comments, her fans couldn’t wait for her belly to grow big.</p>
<p>Rylee and Callie collaborated with Amy and Paige in Dubai, blasting cross-promotions like crazy and exchanging pictures and videos. Paige got everyone hooked on TikTok and YouTube. All the girls planned a massive collaboration when they met the next time. The American girls were already pestering me to take them to Dubai to meet Neneh, Dixie, and Paige, all three of whom were walking around the place wearing abayas and niqabs like local women, except that underneath, they were naked.</p>
<p>It looked like my life was finally coming to some level of stability, with all my women finding themselves within the group. Even Anya, the newest member of my tribe, seems to have integrated herself with the rest. She cried all night in my arms, telling me her mother called and they were safe. Anya kept kissing me and thanking me until her lips were chafed.</p>
<p>Her mom told her that some men in a military SUV came and dragged her ex-boyfriend right out of his house, and they never saw him again. The next day, a lawyer visited her mother to give her an envelope with keys and a bunch of papers for a three-bedroom apartment in Bila Cerkva, a quiet little town outside Kyiv, giving her five thousand dollars to organise the move.</p>
<p>“Nobody knows what happened to him,” Anya said in her growing English vocabulary, talking about her ex-boyfriend. Whoever she asked didn’t know where he was, what happened to him, or whether he would resurface again to get revenge.</p>
<p>“You will never see him again,” I said, looking into her eyes and winking. She shuddered, then buried her head into my chest and cried. There were plenty of rich and connected Ukrainian oligarchs in London, and some of them were members of The Chamber. I happened to know one, and we got to talking. He knew a guy who knew another guy who ran a business supplying the Ukrainian military.</p>
<p>The men that came to collect the asshole were from the military office. They drafted the guy and fast-tracked him to the front after tattooing his body with swastikas and the insignia of the Azov battalion before unloading him inside a minefield right at the front line and sending him to attack the Russians with a water pistol superglued to his hand, blowing bubbles. Nobody heard of him since. Anya didn’t need the details. She’s been through enough, but she got the message. The man was never coming back to haunt her again.</p>
<p>Since that day, Anya has looked at me like I am a god. She even joined Amy on her trips to my office to pick me up, at first wearing frilly clothes, then copying Amy and welcoming me butt naked. If I thought having an executive Maybach meeting me in front of the office with one naked teenager inside, having two of them was just making a ridiculous statement. Even I had to admit it was incredible. One time, I opened the car doors in front of my Indian colleagues, and they almost choked, having a quick glimpse of what was inside. From that day, all of them found any excuse to come to my office, promising friendship and loyalty, anything I wanted if I helped them achieve even a fraction of my success.</p>
<p>Our living arrangements were like unspoken rules. I had my private space, and the three girls shared the other apartment. It worked better for us. Everyone had their own space, and we spent quality time together instead of all our time together. This was the mistake I made in the past, projecting a needy image of a man willing to give anything for attention. The quality of the time we spend with each other over the quantity wins every time.</p>
<p>After our trip from the office, Amy and Anya would go to their place, and I would spend some time in mine. Tara would often join me for a shower and an hour of vigorous sex, then leave me to rest before we all went for dinner, a walk, or a play. It was time better spent than just sitting on a couch counting as present with my mind somewhere else, miles away.</p>
<p>I was home one such day when a knock came. The girls didn’t bother knocking anymore, so I went to the doors, and to my surprise, Cassie was there, looking like a cute black cat caught in the rain.</p>
<p>“Come in, come in. I was happy to see her. Would you like something to drink?”</p>
<p>“May I have some water, please?” Something was very wrong. I had never seen Cassie so insecure. Usually, she would barge in with her head held high, like the queen of Sheba, and demand sex. I didn’t want to push her or seem overly concerned. Cassie clearly came here with an intent, so I let her gather her thoughts and tell me in her own time. Sometimes, people are too curious or keen to help, resulting in the opposite of what they intended. I learned over time that sometimes the best strategy is to listen, so I took my mug of coffee, sat on a sofa, and remained silent.</p>
<p>“Jim, I…” Cassie started, and her words failed. I got up slowly and squatted beside the bed, face to face with Cassie, looking into her eyes.</p>
<p>“You know I love you?” I pitched my tone just right. Cassie’s pupils dilated, connecting with mine. She nodded, mouthing the words.</p>
<p>“Yes, but…” I pulled her in for a kiss, and her muscles tensed.</p>
<p>“Sometimes, you have to take a leap of faith.”</p>
<p>“I can’t.” That was it—the wall. Grr was right in the end. My way was good but ineffective. Sometimes, you have to destroy it so you can build it again. I summoned all my strength, knowledge, and experience. There was no other way. I could walk away or turn into a monster.</p>
<p>I reached into a drawer and pulled out a brand new Colt Python .357 Magnum six-shot revolver. Cassie’s eyes went big like saucers as she watched me put in one hollow point bullet and close the chamber. I spun it and placed the barrel on her forehead.</p>
<p>Something incredible happened. All the pain, stress, and tension in Cassie’s muscles disappeared. She closed her eyes, and her face looked serene. For the first time in my life, I saw her like that. Cassie looked like a marble statue of some untouchable goddess, so free and innocent. She took a deep breath and exhaled.</p>
<p>I pulled the trigger, and the pistol clicked. It took Cassie a minute to get back to her senses. She looked at me, and our eyes met. Her deep blue eyes looked even deeper. Cassie looked at me like she saw me for the first time. She watched me spin the gun again and point it at my head, then I took a deep breath and pulled the trigger.</p>
<p>“No!” She screamed, jumping at me, grabbing my hand with hers and pushing the barrel. The gun went off with a loud bang. “No, Jim, no! Don’t do this, please. Don’t leave me. You can’t. Oh, god! Please, Jim. I am pregnant.”</p>
<p>Cassie was hysterical, flapping her hands and touching me to make sure I was alive. She kissed my head and lips, kissed my eyes. Her tears were free-flowing, and she hugged me like never before. “There we are,” I thought to myself. Grr always maintained that fear is more effective.</p>
<p>Please, Jim, don’t do that. I love you! I love you so much.“ Cassie hyperventilated, breathing like a dog in rapid breaths. ”I love you. I love you.“ It went in circles. Grr was right. Some walls can’t be moved. They could only be broken. I spoke about Cassie for hours, and Grr helped me understand the root cause of her problem. Cassie was trapped inside, terrified of love. It took a leap of faith to break through her own boundaries, but she couldn’t do that. She built this massive, impenetrable wall between the world and her heart until she was trapped inside.</p>
<p>I had seen Cassie cry before, but never like that. She seemed inconsolable. I hugged her, and she kissed me, telling me all the sweet things. I broke her out, her inner child and the only thing left was to build her again. I pushed her on her back, letting her lay on the bed as I gazed into her eyes. She didn’t know it yet, but Cassie was mine.</p>
<p>”You are pregnant?“ She nodded and smiled.</p>
<p>”Imagine yourself with me, walking on the beach, holding hands with our daughter.“ Cassie’s pupils dilated as she listened to the pitch of my voice, its sound penetrating the deepest places, filling her head with dreams of a beautiful life. I talked, and she listened. It was the best story I could tell anyone. The night came and went, and we were still locked in our embrace, imagining our future, life and children.</p>
<p>I took Cassie on the most incredible journey and back. It took me the entire night to attack every single vector of her mind, making her feel like we lived in a fairytale in another universe.</p>
<p>”I want you to imagine our love as a dandelion flower, so yellow and beautiful, basking in the sunshine. Now imagine all the clouds gone and the picture getting brighter and brighter. Can you feel that love growing stronger and stronger, almost painful to observe, making it hard to breathe?“ Cassie nodded, entranced, imagining gorgeous images of a flower exploding and turning into a dandelion field reflecting the sunshine.</p>
<p>”I love you, Jim,“ she said and closed her eyes. Her mind was too far gone, and she passed out. She hugged me tight, pulling me closer, wrapping her hands and legs around me, entangling them. This was all I had in me, and I also closed my eyes. I did what I could and threw all my eggs in one basket.</p>
<p>I was never in any real danger. The bullet was fake, and there was no hole in the wall. It was a blank. Grr told me I had to shake her core, and the pistol did the job. The only thing left was to wait and pray about what I did to prevent the reset. It was the hardest one so far, and I didn’t want to attempt another again. My brain was a mess; I was exhausted. A loud buzzing sound made me want to vomit. I concentrated, focusing on the oscillation variance, and the sound changed and distorted, and then I was gone.</p>

</body>
</html>
