<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 43 - Cleaning out the closet</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 43 - Cleaning out the closet</h2>
<p>I was in the canteen, sharing food with the software engineers, when my phone bleeped. It was a message from an unknown number, simply saying, “All clear,“ and I smiled. This meant that Owen had met with the board, and they had decided to accept my plan, provided that everything I said proved true.</p>
<p>Krishna, the program manager, looked at me, wondering why I had gotten up from the table like this. I smiled, excusing myself.</p>
<p>“May I join you?“ he asked, offering to accompany me to my office, and I waved him over. He showed me some projections he had come up with and wanted me to validate them. It was the right time to implement my plan, but first things first. I had to tie up the loose ends and deal with the problems.</p>
<p>I checked my calendar for meeting invites. Diarmaid was riding Dick’s back again to make some progress in extracting critical knowledge from me. I pulled the email from the spam box and chose the meeting room, proposing a new time. Only minutes later, I got the confirmation back from Dick that he had accepted.</p>
<p>This was enough work for the day, and I packed my bag and walked outside. Sooner or later, managers always get what they want. It was just how corporations work. As much as I resisted the change, fighting Diarmaid would never get me anywhere. I had my own problems to deal with and a plan to realise.</p>
<p>I took a long walk through town, looking at the buildings and all the places I had watched all my life. Everything seemed so tired and aged, or maybe it was the melancholy. I had built a new life, and now I had to live in it.</p>
<p>Lamin found me on a bench in a park, throwing pieces of bread at the pigeons. I was lost in my thoughts, looking at my life and the road I had taken to get where I was. Most people wouldn’t understand that, in the end, we all look back at who we were. Lamin sat next to me in silence. He could recognise the heavy burden getting off my chest. Since I had chosen this road, I systematically erased my past, chipping away at who I was day after day until only a few old anchors were left, but now I was going to cut them, and the ship would sail away into the unknown and a new future.</p>
<p>I was looking forward to it, and I was petrified. What if I messed up something like I did before? I laughed. That kind of defeatist thinking sounded so out of character for me now that my mind organically rejected it. It was at this very moment that I abandoned my old self. I stood up and patted my faithful African friend’s back.</p>
<p>“Come on, buddy. Let’s get this show on the road.“ Lamin laughed. It was time to make things happen. He drove me home, and the girls gathered around me. Cassie was there, and I smiled, pulling her towards me and checking her eyes. I might have gone a little overboard with breaking the wall. It was obliterated. She felt happy and safe, looking forward to becoming a mother. Who knew that I would give her a purpose by taking things away from her. Amy and Cassie immediately bonded over their pregnancies. Gone was the haughty seductress, replaced by an ecstatic girlfriend. So much so that she even looked younger.</p>
<p>Cassie was strong and fiercely independent, doing things as she wanted, but the wall grew larger deep inside. It was the pregnancy that made her unbalanced. She wanted the child so much, but she was scared and came to me hoping I could magically make her brave or at least believe she was. In the end, it turned out that I was, in fact, the Wizard of Oz, and she was my lioness. She made the greatest sacrifice, and I took all of it and gave her a heart back.</p>
<p>For some reason, Cassie liked me from the first day. Maybe it was my openness, or perhaps because I was the only man she knew who was messed up more than her. Perhaps I was her type, or maybe it was the stars or the gods. It didn’t matter, and nobody cared. I stopped obsessing with whys and focused on what really mattered.</p>
<p>When she got pregnant, Cassie was petrified. Plenty of women out there are single mothers, but that wasn’t it. She cared for me, and the pregnancy forced the issue. I was the only man Cassie had sex with since our first time. I didn’t choose her, but she chose me for that privilege. Cassie had no illusion about how beautiful she was, and everyone in the world, including myself, wanted her for that. The idea that I would want her for something more was weirdly unpalatable, and she couldn’t bring herself to ever trust another man again. It was a roadblock ruining her life. Not all men are the same.</p>
<p>Of course, I was an asshole like the others, but I was an honest one. I never lied to Cassie, and it paid massive dividends. It was like in the Bible. “Then you will know the truth, and the truth will set you free— John 8:32.”</p>
<p>I haven’t thought about God for a long time and missed his countenance. The words of the most beautiful woman, the Arabic beauty, echoed in my ears, “Those who seek must ask for guidance.“ I sought and found my answers. I followed the light and found my path, just like Cassie did. It turned out we all had our cross to bear and had to walk alone across that bridge. I just shocked Cassie out of her gilded cage and made her jump and admit what everyone knew, and the birds in the trees sang. I found this the most frustrating. I could see she loved me in her eyes, but no matter what I did, Cassie wasn’t ready to admit it to herself. She avoided me so she wouldn’t get hurt by her love. She couldn’t believe I would want her for anything more than her looks.</p>
<p>It almost made me laugh at the same time as it drove me insane. I wanted everything from Cassie, especially the children. Those beautiful genes she carried were like a gift from the divine. God made her to procreate and bring forth the most beautiful, healthy children to bring a smile to the world as it changed. Cassie was a beacon of hope for all of us who loved to look at genetic perfection and wonder how the world would look if we all were this way. Cassie was a prize worth having, and I intended to keep her barefoot and pregnant until she asked me to stop. Just looking at her smile and gazing into her eyes when she accepted that I wanted her as a mother, Cassie blossomed. She was destined to be one, and I was the lucky man whose seed she carried.</p>
<p>The week went in quiet preparation. I ordered a dozen hardshell suitcases online, which arrived two days later. The girls packed their stuff during the day, and I would come after work. We would go out just to walk, explore, enjoy a meal, and have fun with the city.</p>
<p>Wherever we went, people turned their heads. You do not always see a well-dressed man surrounded by four gorgeous women looking at him with love in their eyes. Not even once did the girls even hint at jealousy. They cared for each other as much as they cared for me. Maybe I was their man, but we never defined the nature of our relationship. Whatever it was, everyone knew it; they just never said it out loud or verbalised it. We were a family.</p>
<p>The weekend ended, and Monday rolled around. I wasn’t looking forward to work that day. I got in early with a takeaway Starbucks cup, logged onto the computer, and started a program I wrote. It went through all my personal files, deleted them, connected them to my shared profile and backups, and purged them. I got rid of anything that could even remotely be construed as not work-related, erasing any trace of me doing anything other than the strictest definition of my job. I already deleted all my past emails, keeping only those related to work.</p>
<p>Five minutes before ten, I sat on one side of a conference table with paper and pen, watching the large dark Microsoft Surface we used for corporate video conferences and presentations. It was blank, just like I felt at that moment.</p>
<p>Richard walked in, closing the door behind him, looking at me with a stern face. He was pissed off, all right. It took us months to finally meet, and I caused him a world of trouble. I smiled at him, offering my hand. He ignored it and sat down on the other side.</p>
<p>“I am sorry, Dick, for taking so long to meet. I was busy.“ His annoyance jumped up another notch.</p>
<p>“Please address me as Richard, and your apology is not accepted. Let’s keep this professional.“ I could see he was seething with rage. He flipped his notebook and laid out his demands while I took them down as bullet points on my pads.</p>
<p>“I am sorry, but I can’t just transfer that knowledge.“</p>
<p>“Why not?“ His words were terse, and he tapped his feet.</p>
<p>“We don’t have an adequate cadre. See, all our developers are trained to use commodity hardware, you know, Microsoft Windows, Linux, and personal computers. We don’t have anyone here who knows how to work with mainframes. Most of them retired, and the rest, the company made redundant because they didn’t know how to use Linux.“</p>
<p>“You can teach them and make it a part of your knowledge transfer.“ I chuckled, and it annoyed Dick to no end.</p>
<p>“What’s so funny?“</p>
<p>“Ah, nothing. Don’t worry about it. It is irrelevant now.“ That got Dick even more pissed off, and he insisted I tell him what it was, even giving me permission to speak freely regardless of company ethics.</p>
<p>“This is why I made a mistake and applied for the CTO job in the first place. I know the exact difference between a personal computer and a mainframe. It’s not something you could just knowledge transfer, starting with the difference between EBCDIC and ASCII. Most developers don’t even know what that is. This is why I thought you would be a particularly poor CTO candidate. You barely know how to turn on the computer.“</p>
<p>“You fucking twat!“ The man lost it. “I got the job because I earned it. I worked here for years, putting in the time. I deserved the promotion.“</p>
<p>“And I have a master’s degree from Cambridge in software engineering and computer science, while you got your master’s in liberal arts. You are a pencil pusher and a brown-nosing political animal used to bending over.“ Dick got almost purple in his face. He asked for it and got it right back. The way I always spoke plainly in the office was legendary. Everyone knew I didn’t do the fluffy and fuzzy. I was always precise, honest, and direct. That was one of the reasons I was respected. Once people got used to my style, they stopped asking me nonsense they didn’t want to hear the truth about.</p>
<p>“You sent me in front of the commission, and I got a fucking reprimand. You messed with my livelihood and my career.“</p>
<p>“That’s because you always looked at me with those hungry eyes like you do now. You just want to dominate me for sex because I am a vulnerable woman.“ Richard exploded in laughter, slapping his hand on the desk like he heard the best joke in the world.</p>
<p>“Everyone knows you were playing a game.“</p>
<p>“What would you know about my identity? It took me years of struggle and psychotherapy to be brave enough to accept myself. Go look at my psychiatrist’s records and see how many times I wanted to kill myself. Then, you come and treat me like a piece of meat because you want to fuck me.“ That got him enraged. I saw little hairs on his arms raised.</p>
<p>“You fucking faggot! You motherfucker, I will kill you for saying this shit.“</p>
<p>“See, this right now. You are scaring me. Look into a mirror. Look at your eyes. You are horny, and you want to rape me.“ The man stood up. There was nothing but disgust in his eyes. He looked at me like I was a piece of shit he wished to stomp. His hands turned into fists, and I could only imagine how much he wanted to punch me.</p>
<p>Please don’t hit me, Dick. I give up. I will have sex with you and never tell anyone, I promise. I will suck your dick right now, just please calm down. You are scaring me. Oh god! I am so scared.“ I lifted my hands to cover my face.</p>
<p>“You are a piece of shit, Jim, a fucking faggot tranny. You disgust me. You are a filthy ass fucking nobody. Look at yourself; I want to spit in your face. You make me sick.“ I slid from the chair and went on my knees, raising my hands towards Dick, speaking with a pleading voice.</p>
<p>“Please, Dick. Don’t be this way. I promise I will do anything; just don’t fire me. I am so scared. Don’t beat me again. Here, let me suck your dick, and you can cum in my ass like you did that one time at the office party.“ Dick’s face was precious to watch. The grimace would be worth all the money for the Hollywood producers.</p>
<p>“Get the fuck away from me, you fucking pervert piece of shit, or I’ll fuck you up. I will punch your face.“ I kept crawling closer and watched the purple of his face turn white, then green.</p>
<p>“Please, Dick. Don’t hurt me again.“</p>
<p>“That’s it, you piece of shit. I am done. You are fired. Get your fucking personal belongings and leave the office. We are done. I don’t want to see your face again.“ Dick stormed out of the meeting room, and I got up to my feet and went to my office. I sat down at the computer and sent a lengthy email to human resources, which included the diversity officer and ESG representative. I closed my personal computer, put it into a bag, and walked out of the office, handing my access card to the security guy in the lobby and walked out.</p>
<p>Lamin waited outside with a car for me and opened my door. I looked into his eyes, and he smiled. I got in and looked at the back mirror.</p>
<p>“Where to, sir?“ My suit already needed dry cleaning.</p>
<p>“Let’s clean out the trash.“ I muted Tina’s texts and avoided her messages. Her emails went straight into a special folder I never opened. The bitch was going nuts, struggling without cash for almost three months, and she was angry, desperate, and vindictive. Just like predicted, she relented in the end, finally realising that I wasn’t falling for her bullshit anymore and that I meant every word I said.</p>
<p>After such a long silence, I texted Tina for the first time. She immediately called me, and I answered, but then she started spewing vile profanities. I just disconnected and sent her messages straight to the voicemail again, and I got five messages before she started texting me again with her apologies.</p>
<p>“There we go. Good little slut.“ I mumbled as I read what she wrote.</p>
<p>“I’ll be at your place in exactly two hours. Please have the boys ready, and I will bring the cash.“ Lamin parked at the bank and went with me inside. I took him into the vault and pulled out my treasure. He helped me fill my suitcase and escorted me out. We sat in the car and drove away.</p>
<p>At the appointed time, I knocked at Tina’s door with a notary, a witness, and a lawyer. Her eyes widened when she saw everyone, but she bit her lip and invited them in.</p>
<p>“Where are the boys?”</p>
<p>“The kids are upstairs. Did you bring me what you promised?” This is where the lawyer interjected.</p>
<p>“This is the agreement. Please read and sign.” I opened the suitcase, and Tina’s eyes went wide, seeing all the gold coins. “And this is the appraisal and certificate that the sum of the coins exceeds a million pounds. You can take them to this company, and they will pay you the amount printed at the bottom.</p>
<p>Nina couldn’t hear anything. She took one coin in her hand and rubbed it with her fingers. Deep down inside, Nina never believed I could pull off something like that. After all, she was convinced that she destroyed me and took more than half of what I owned.</p>
<p>“What does this say?” She addressed the lawyer, pointing at a ten-page document.</p>
<p>“That you relinquish full custody and complete parental rights to your ex-husband. Please read it before you sign.”</p>
<p>“I should have my lawyer look at this first.”</p>
<p>“You are absolutely right, miss. We can return at another time when you have had enough time to study it.” Nina’s face fell. She was hooked by all that shiny gold in front of her eyes. One thing is to talk about money in numbers or even cash, but gold made it that much more real and tangible.</p>
<p>“No, that is okay. I will read it and ask if I need to understand something.” Tina spent the next twenty minutes reading, asking basic questions like any layman looking at a legal document. That’s precisely the reason why I hired expensive lawyers.</p>
<p>Ultimately, she took a pen, dated, and signed four copies while the lawyer ensured she initiated all the pages. I countersigned, and so did the witness, then the notary recorded and bound all the copies separately, putting seals and signing them, keeping one copy for the official record keeping.</p>
<p>I got one copy of the agreement, and Tina got another. The final one ended up in my lawyer’s suitcase. It was done, and I pushed the suitcase at Tina, and she grabbed it like Gollum in the Lord of the Rings films. The lawyer and the others said their goodbyes and left. It was done. The boys were legally mine.</p>
<p>“I hope you never find happiness. I hate you from the bottom of my heart. Now take your kids and fuck off. I never want to see you again,” she snorted like a swine before screaming at the kids. I heard the footsteps, and the boys got down, running down.</p>
<p>This couldn’t have ended without a final stab. Tina had the boys wearing pink dresses and girl shoes, and she had their ears pierced. She laughed in my face, seeing my eyes water. It was one of the most painful moments of my life. I bit my tongue and steeled my face. My boys needed me. This was the end.</p>
<p>Tina’s shrill laughter followed us out, and I couldn’t keep it inside anymore. I turned to her and stared her down. I saw her afraid for the first time in my life, and I pitched it right.</p>
<p>“Remember my words, you fucking whore. I swear to you with my life. You will live to regret what you have done. It will haunt you for the rest of your life.” I could see her pupils dilate. There was no comeback. Tina was genuinely scared. I spat on the floor to get rid of the bile in my mouth and marched my kids out.</p>
<p>She followed in silence with a scowl on her face. Then her eyes got big, and her mouth opened. A top-of-the-range Maybach stopped in front of the house, and a suited driver walked out and held the door open.</p>
<p>The kids ran inside, and I walked in after them, never looking back at the monster at the doors, who was watching us drive away. As soon as we turned the corner, the boys hugged me, and I broke out in tears.</p>
<p>“Come in my lovelies. I love you so much.” I kept kissing my sons and hugging them hard. I could feel my heart break, and my hands trembled. I kept kissing and hugging them, telling them how much I loved them. I’ve never loved anyone more than those two poor boys crying in my arms.</p>
<p>“Please, Lamin, stop.” I couldn’t take it anymore. I saw a sports shop on the way and took the boys inside. The salespeople stared at me and Lamin, acting as a bodyguards, not allowing them to come even close. I had them give me sports shoes and shorts of their size for the boys.</p>
<p>“Give me this shit,” I told the boys, crumpled their dresses, and tore them into shreds before throwing them in the bin.</p>
<p>“Come here,” the boys approached me, and I pulled out their earrings and threw them at the wall. I was boiling inside and wanted to punch someone, so angry I could take a cricket bat and walk to Tina’s home to beat her into a bloody pulp.</p>
<p>I pulled the boys’ hands and threw money at the salespeople, disgusted with the place where their dresses lay even in trash cans. I felt like dousing it all with gasoline and setting it ablaze. It took all the training and power to keep myself from blowing a gasket.</p>
<p>“Where are we going, daddy?” Liam asked. His little voice brought tears to my eyes.</p>
<p>“We are going on a long trip, just us, and I will take you to see sharks and elephants. We will fly on a big plane and on a big boat, and you will make new friends, and we will always be together.” The boys hugged me tight and cried, and I cried with them. Nothing else in the world mattered more than that.</p>
<p>Lamin drove in silence, watching the road, transporting the most precious cargo for me, my greatest love. I lost track of time, embracing my children. This was the happiest I had been since I could remember. It was the last anchor tying me to this place, and I cut all the ties. I was a free man.</p>
<p>The girls squealed and sang as I brought in the boys. They rolled out food, cake, and a whole mountain of boy toys, age-appropriate.</p>
<p>“They are your aunties,” I said when the boys looked at the girls with gaping mouths and big eyes. “This is Amy and Tara,” I went around. The girls were already in full-blown mommy mode. They squatted to the boys’ level, shook their hands, and hugged them. I was so happy to cry if I had any tears left.</p>
<p>Within minutes, the boys sat at the table, and we had our first family dinner together. It was laughter and joy all around, and I felt complete for the first time. There was nothing more I wanted, but there were plenty of loose ends to tie. This only motivated me more.</p>
<p>Over the next week, my former company tried to contact me several times. I ignored all their attempts, focusing on my children. I took them to a private doctor the very next day, who examined them head to toe, and they weren’t abused.</p>
<p>“I can’t speak for the mental abuse. You would need a specialist to have a look at them. My lawyer bent over backwards to certify the documents with the court, issue a letter, and then contact social services. I was haemorrhaging cash in legal services, the best money I ever spent. He met us at the passport office one day, where the kids were issued all the necessary travel documents.</p>
<p>The girls ran the boys ragged. They dragged them all over town, getting them dressed in the best boy clothes and buying them any toys they wanted, provided it was from the boys’ section. It didn’t take the girls long to figure out that Tina messed with the boys’ heads, so they all joined together to fix what was broken and steer the boys towards understanding the difference between men and women.</p>
<p>Another week passed, and I found myself in a familiar environment again. Ironically, I was in the same room where I got fired, except this time there was Diarmaid, the human resources representative, and Jim, the director of legal compliance. All of them looked grim, staring at the court summons and my lawyers on the other side, probably wanting to understand how much this was going to cost them.</p>
<p>“Five million pounds.” My lawyer opened with a high number for the out-of-court settlement. I saw everyone on the other side take a deep breath. Nobody expected something like that.</p>
<p>“That is impossible. The court would never go this high for wrongful termination.” The company’s general counsel jumped in. My lawyer smiled, and I played a soundtrack on my phone. This is the problem with technology these days. The teleconferencing system’s screen was off, but not the camera or the microphone. Unknown to Dick, there was a Zoom call going on in the background with me recording it from my personal computer in my office and my lawyer with witnesses watching it on mute from their office.</p>
<p>I could see the blood drain from everyone’s face. This wasn’t going to be a wrongful dismissal charge but something much bigger involving systemic discrimination against the most vulnerable of society’s minorities, with added sexual harassment on top of it. I could barely stop myself from chuckling.</p>
<p>“We are prepared to offer Jim his job back and start disciplinary procedures against Richard.”</p>
<p>“I am sorry, but my client doesn’t feel this is a safe working environment for transgender people. Here is an affidavit by his long-term psychiatrist relating to his deteriorating mental state after the firing.” My lawyer pulled a piece of paper and slid it to Diarmaid across the table.</p>
<p>“We can only offer him two hundred and fifty thousand pounds. This is as much as I am authorised before taking it to the board,” Diarmaid butted in, wishing all of it to go away.</p>
<p>“Unfortunately, this won’t be enough. It is equivalent to his yearly salary, which he couldn’t get elsewhere. According to the terms of his employment contract, he can’t work for anyone else for two years after the termination of the employment.” Everyone knew that if this went to court, the recording would play, and the news would explode. It would be worse than the whole Bud Light debacle.</p>
<p>Diarmaid was desperate to keep this disaster under wraps, or it could affect his upcoming bid for the CEO job. I could see the other Jim’s tiny smile. He was the old CEO’s favourite and passionately despised Diarmaid. Anything that could sabotage the man even a little, Jim would see as a positive. I was sure he would support paying me what I asked just to get rid of Diarmaid for the management race, and Diarmaid knew that.</p>
<p>“Give us a realistic offer, and we will consider it.” My lawyer was losing patience with the amateur games. “The courts would give Jim at least five years‘ worth of severance and fine you, so you’ll be at least two million out of pocket, not to mention all the reputational damage and resulting share price decline. The right number is five million pounds. We can sign it today, and all of it goes away.” This is what I was paying the big bucks for. My lawyers were sharks, and they were smelling blood.</p>
<p>“I wasn’t bluffing. I can only authorise the quarter-million-pound spending before it gets into a board review, and then all bets are off.” Diarmaid’s panic was palpable.</p>
<p>“Then my client walks away with a loss. Your contract prevents him from getting another employment, and you’re offering something he would get anyway if you didn’t fire him like that.” I could see Diarmaid’s eyes sparkle.</p>
<p>“We could waive the non-compete agreement.”</p>
<p>“I’m sorry, that won’t do it. I read that contract, which is bad for my client. You could go after him a different way.” Diarmaid looked at Jim from legal, and he nodded. He knew exactly how bad the contracts were. The human resources nodded as well. It was a scam. The employment agreement was written in such a way as to screw the employee in any way they wanted. Diarmaid wouldn’t let go of it. He was a shark as well, and he sensed he could push it.</p>
<p>“We could nullify the contract like it never happened, no harm, no foul, and he walks out with a quarter-million today.” My lawyer looked at me, and I nodded. I could see the victory in Diarmaid’s eyes. He was still the best, the hotshot manager, the rising star who will be the CEO someday.</p>
<p>“We would need a non-litigation agreement,” the general counsel said.</p>
<p>“Only if it is reciprocal. My client will agree not to sue you in the future if you agree not to sue him as well.” We had a deal. My lawyer already had all the documents drafted and printed out. The only thing missing was the sums.</p>
<p>I took a brief walk through my old offices, shook hands with my former colleagues, and got the last cup of coffee from the place before returning to the meeting room. On the way, I noticed Dick’s office was empty, and his name was taken off the door. Something told me that the company would soon be hiring for a new CTO.</p>
<p>It took about an hour for all the documents to be signed and certified. Then we watched Diarmaid connect to his laptop, log into the payment system, make a few entries, and add references. A few seconds later, my phone bleeped. I checked it and a quarter million pounds were there. The company would take care of the taxation and other issues.</p>
<p>With all that done, we said our goodbyes, and I walked down the well-known corridors for the last time. I was out and gone, and according to our agreement, I never had any employment contract there. The original was null and voided by the agreement of both parties, and Diarmaid won again. Lamin looked at the back as I entered the car.</p>
<p>“Where to, sir?”</p>
<p>“Get me the fuck away from this place.” He laughed, pressed on the pedal, and we were gone. Two weeks ago, he graduated. I bought him a new wardrobe, fitting my new Chief Operating Officer.</p>

</body>
</html>
