<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 44 - Surf and Turf</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 44 - Surf and Turf</h2>
<p>I sat on the outdoor sofa, drinking coffee and watching Liam and Callum play in the sand. They were building a castle, and Amy fretted over them, ensuring they had enough sunblock to cover every inch of their bodies. In the distance, Dubai arose from the fine sand particles, looking like a fog from where we lived. I could see Burj Khalifa, the tallest building in the world, dominating the place.</p>
<p>“Daddy, daddy, come, come,“ the two happy kids urged me to come and see what they had built there. The sun was scorching, but I lifted myself up, walked over, and knelt in the sand. They were playing with some toy cars parked in front of a castle.</p>
<p>“This is you, and this is Neneh,“ they said, pointing at the toy soldiers. For some reason, the kids were fascinated by the African princess, perhaps because she would sit every night with them and read from the book of the thousand and one Arabian tales.</p>
<p>Liam and Callum were ecstatic about going on their first plane. Cassie sat with me, Anya sat with Tara, and the two boys sat with Amy. She told them stories and played cartoons on the in-flight entertainment system. We were a big family, all right, about to be bigger.</p>
<p>Iqbal waited for us, but it was with a people carrier this time. We had to take another two taxis just to transport all our luggage. Only my wardrobe counted eight large suitcases, while the girls counted twelve, not counting the hand luggage. There was no doubt in anyone who saw us collecting it at the conveyor belt. We came here to stay.</p>
<p>The three girls waited for us at the entrance, wearing their abayas. That didn’t stop them from squalling and jumping around, hugging everyone.</p>
<p>“This is Neneh, your aunt, Paige, another aunt, and Dixie.“ This is where I stopped and stared. The former homeless skeleton girl looked like a supermodel. Her two friends made it their personal mission to make her stunning. She even had nice breasts, thanks to a surgical procedure and first-class silicone.</p>
<p>Dixie laughed as my mouth fell to the floor. She ran into my arms and squeezed me hard.</p>
<p>“You are so soft,“ I said, unable to contain my amazement. She gave me a big fat kiss on the lips and quickly whispered in my ear, “You can test drive my new body tonight.“ I didn’t know if I should laugh or cry, but I was sure I would take her up on that offer.</p>
<p>It was fun watching the London girls meet the Dubai ones. At first, there was some awkwardness, which vanished a minute later when Neneh suggested we should all go and have some food in a restaurant. She booked us a private room in her favourite place, the Madinat Jumeirah, followed by a boat ride on the canals and ending with a little shopping spree in their open-air mall.</p>
<p>The girls started running around the place, discovering exquisitely furnished rooms with ensuite showers and wardrobes. Everyone wanted to look pretty, wearing their best clothes. They had been talking about Dubai, begging me to take them there since I sent them the first pictures. I also took a shower and put on some fresh clothes. I could hear the girls squealing and calling each other, having a look at something or trying something else. Our villa was superb, a perfect marriage of simplicity and opulence.</p>
<p>I told no one that I provisionally owned the place. Ahmad, the house owner, was happy to sell it to me with a deferred payment. I wired a hundred thousand dollars from my settlement as a down payment, promising to pay off the balance later. If you want to win big, you have to gamble big or not belong in the game. It was my favourite quote from Tai Pan, a novel by James Clavell. I hadn’t even started my company yet, and I was already twenty-seven million bucks in the hole. It made me laugh. In some other life, I would be petrified.</p>
<p>I called out to everyone, and the girls descended, dressed to impress, looking like angels. Iqbal waited for us outside with a large people carrier, which turned into a school adventure trip as soon as we crossed the bridge. The London girls were losing their minds, pulling each other to see different sights, pointing at them, promising to explore them someday. I smiled, thinking about how much energy everyone had after a six-hour flight.</p>
<p>Neneh led us to the restaurant, which had fine views of the canals and friendly staff bending over backwards to make everyone feel welcome and comfortable. It was a surf and turf order, and the large table contained a banquet, anything from camel meat to lobster and fish. The girls dug in like it was their last meal, taking hundreds of pictures and recording videos of the excessive splendour on the table.</p>
<p>A long time ago, I wondered what a man must do to afford that. From my new vantage, having gone through a personal transformation struggle, I know it doesn’t work this way. You don’t just go to people and tell them, “Do what I do, and you’ll get rich and have beautiful women; just buy an expensive car to compensate for your flaccid micro penis, and the world will change for you; the doors will open.“ There are too many monkeys like that all over the internet pretending to have great advice. Don’t do as I do; just do what I say.</p>
<p>The first question one should have is if someone is so rich and powerful, why would he want to share his secrets with others? I know that I wouldn’t, and neither would anyone sane unless selling them is part of how you made them. Give me a million so I can teach you how to make ten. That’s easy math; just find nine more fools.</p>
<p>I learned over time that money is an abstract concept. When you work for it, there is never enough of it, but as you grow, learn, and expand your views, the world adapts to your new perception and situation. In my wildest dreams, I could never imagine hanging out with a group of women like that, let alone having them as part of my family. They say everything is possible if you can imagine it, but how does one imagine a life he is afraid to live? How does one dream if the only thing he sees is four walls with no way out? Most of the working-class people are that type, the cogs in a well-oiled machine, sitting at home, watching the ads on the internet from someone claiming he is rich and will teach you his secrets. Of course, it is nonsense.</p>
<p>My worldview changed in a year, and I learned how to dream new dreams. I didn’t try to influence the world to bend it my way. That is impossible. Instead, I learned how to bend myself, open my mind, learn from authentic sources of knowledge, and incorporate it with mine. With every step, the world I lived in expanded, and I could find a new kind of people, a new kind of world views and perceptions, and connect with it on a higher level. The profound realisation I had was that personal perception shapes one’s financial situation, and it is not limited to just money. Still, everything I touched and everyone I met resonated with me on a different level.</p>
<p>Even Owen, my new FKK club friend, would have never taken me seriously, let alone do any business with me, if I didn’t exhibit the traits he could resonate with. It was a concept I was aware of in my previous life that I so casually discarded, thinking I knew enough and was the smartest. There is a difference between wisdom and intelligence. I was an intelligent idiot savant, and everyone knew how to use that. Others knew how to profit from a cretin that thought he knew everything. That was the wisdom I could not perceive, locked in my little world, living my benign, dull, ordinary, and utterly unimpressive life.</p>
<p>I smiled, looking at my girls, laughing, eating, feeding my sons, and playing with them. I was a guy living in a twenty-seven million dollar mansion in one of the world’s most impressive developments. I surrounded myself with the most beautiful women and lived a life most people couldn’t imagine. I laughed. This was not money but power. I made that.</p>
<p>People often talk about money and power and how they go together as if they are interchangeable, as if money gives you power. I thought about it long ago, and I realised it was the same conundrum as the chicken and the egg. Which comes first? I concluded in the end that money is imaginary. It is a skewed reflection of someone’s power. While cash will give one option and influence, this is how poor people think. They assume that by getting rich, they will be powerful as well. That is a mistake that all those “get rich quick“ scheme peddlers on the internet failed to understand. It is how poor people see the world. The high class, low class, and no class. You can’t see the top of the hill looking up.</p>
<p>I looked around at the waiters and the other guests at the restaurant. Some threw us glances, while others openly stared. They had never seen a man at the head of the table surrounded by the most extraordinary collection of beauties since Hugh Hefner, and they thought this was money, but they were wrong like everyone else. It was power.</p>
<p>That’s what I sought out and learned from the others. I took what they had to teach and put it together like a jigsaw puzzle, changing how I see the world and waking up the real me inside. I evolved from a larval version of myself, cocooned and scared, into a butterfly everyone wanted to look at and admire. Most people seek money, but I sought power, and it started with Dan and learning how to become a man.</p>
<p>After that first night with Lexi, when I felt it for the first time, I was awed, impressed, and addicted to that brief moment. It wasn’t the sexual ecstasy or anything so pedestrian. For the briefest, fleeting moment, I felt what it was like to be a man. That was enough for me, and I wanted more. My eyes were opened to the possibility. I didn’t want to live out the rest of my life without feeling that spark again, so I did what I had to and sought to awaken the man inside. Here I was, in Dubai, surrounded by a bevvy of beauties, living the life that resulted from it, and that spark was now permanent.</p>
<p>The dinner ended, and Amy took the boys on a boat ride through the canals. Some girls joined them, while others opted for a stroll through the open-air mall. I took my own path, not interested in trinkets, getting lost in the corridors, trying to find my way to the date shop, hoping to get sufficiently lost to stumble upon the most beautiful woman I’ve seen again, the magical Arabian princess.</p>
<p>I lost track of time, and who knows, maybe a couple of hours later, the girls found me sitting in a small Arabian cafe, sipping my coffee, munching on chocolate-covered dates. Liam and Callum ran up to me for a hug, and I gave them a selection of dates to try. It was their first time trying one.</p>
<p>The girls eventually managed to drag me away after each getting a drink to take with them. Iqbal found us and took us home. I was thinking about how impractical all of it was. The girls would need cars to be mobile and independent. There was no way for Iqbal to handle all of that.</p>
<p>It was dark outside, and we ended up sitting in a circle on the floor of a well-lit living room, surrounding a pile of gift-wrapped packages. The girls from London didn’t come to Dubai empty-handed but brought with them all sorts of presents. The Dubai girls ripped into them, squealed, and thanked their friends. It was like Christmas with only the tree missing.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>We spent the rest of the week discovering Dubai. The local girls already knew all the best places to visit and were happy to be our guides. The boys were ecstatic and had a great time, but I couldn’t escape the feeling at the back of my mind that something was a little off. I could see them get confused sometimes, and it frightened me. Tina had already managed to do much damage, and I didn’t know if it was reversible. It was something I intended to look into as soon as possible.</p>
<p>Out of everything the city had to offer, the girls liked the desert the most—driving cars on the sand dunes or surfing down the slopes, falling and rolling down, giggling like little children. My boys loved it the most, and my worries subsided. Nothing is more stupid than surfing down the dunes and then climbing back through the hot sands to do it again.</p>
<p>No woman with half a brain would repeat it more than two or three times, but the boys couldn’t stop themselves, going up and down, rolling down the sands and laughing. There it was, right in front of my eyes. Forget all those so-called professionals and the rest of the woke retards. The boys will be boys, and nothing could convince me otherwise. Even if the reverse was true, I didn’t want them to end up mutilated for the sake of scoring some brownie points with the perverts in power.</p>
<p>Almost every day, we went to the Jumeirah beach and walked at night, ending up in a rooftop bar for a drink and a light snack. Neneh would usually excuse herself from that, taking the boys home to tell them the stories of Aladdin and the Jin. I thanked her once. She was a significant positive influence on the kids.</p>
<p>There were no gay men or transgender individuals where Neneh lived, and I knew why. Their education system was incompatible with that. Some people are born with no arms and learn to live with that. Some women are born with male genitalia, and they learn to accept that they are men. Those who don’t are eventually bred out. It was nature’s way of telling them, “end of the line.“ That’s why they fussed when Neneh tried to kiss another girl. It was unacceptable in her inflexible society, and eventually, they won when she got married.</p>
<p>It was a lifestyle and culture rooted in traditional values, something the West couldn’t even begin to comprehend. Western countries view themselves as progressive, to their own detriment. I refused to play that game, and I pulled the plug. I moved all my remaining assets abroad, and I was done. I would miss London, but I could come as a visitor anytime to walk the familiar streets and notice how backwards the place got while the rest of the world prospered. The Western neo-Marxist ideology was pulling them backwards. Luckily, I didn’t have to worry about any of that anymore. Like so many smart ones, I dodged a bullet.</p>
<p>The girls and I mostly stayed home for the weekend, and they cooked. The boys were the best critics, telling the truth without worrying about hurting anyone’s feelings. As soon as the boys said it was terrible, everyone laughed. We all knew the food wasn’t that great, but we didn’t want to say it out loud to discourage further attempts.</p>
<p>“Let’s all take a cooking class. I’ll find a chef, and we can all learn how to make the best meals.“ The girls cheered. I’ve been meaning to do this for a while but haven’t gotten around to it yet.</p>
<p>“Can we learn too?” Liam asked, excited like everyone else.</p>
<p>“No, we are men. I’ll take you on a boat and teach you how to fish, then the girls can prepare it for us.” The boys jumped up and hugged me. Though not strictly true, I had to always watch out for causing confusion and further damage.</p>
<p>Monday rolled in, and so did my brand-new electric Hummer. It took me a while to source the right supplier and negotiate delivery times. The waiting list was long, like a snake’s tail, but I managed to negotiate a deal with the guy next in the queue to wait a little longer so I could get my car earlier.</p>
<p>It was a ridiculous idea to have an electric vehicle in Dubai, where petrol costs next to nothing, but I loved the car. It came with a portable generator and a spare petrol tank. The girls squealed, watching the truck unload the vehicle in front of our garage. It had zero miles on the clock, and I signed a receipt, threw the keys to Tara, and she let everyone in. The boys were ecstatic. The car was white and looked exactly like the toys I bought.</p>
<p>Neneh made me a cup of coffee and stored it in a thermal flask. I took Anya, Paige, and Dixie with me, and then we were off. The girls were excited. I was going to take them to my office. The security issued them their access cards, and we were off, up in the elevator, then straight through the corridors.</p>
<p>The place looked busy with all the computers and monitors that arrived. Ten Indian guys were about, most of them sitting in front of the computers and a few standing in front of the whiteboard. They saw me and smiled. I shook their hands, glad to see them again. Krishna came up to me, and I patted his shoulder.</p>
<p>“I’m happy to see you again, buddy. Everything okay on this end?” He smiled, handing me a tablet with the daily report. He’s been emailing them to me for a while.</p>
<p>“We are at sixty per cent capacity onshore and about thirty per cent offshore.” Everyone was ready, busy reviewing a set of architectural documents I gave them, analysing Terraform and Ansible scripts, sorting out the blue, green, and dev environments in AWS and Azure, and using DigitalOcean for spikes.</p>
<p>“How’s your accommodation?”</p>
<p>“Excellent, sir. Everyone is happy.” I rented a block of flats in Sharjah and signed them up for the bus service there and back. Everyone was excited to work on the new technologies.</p>
<p>About a week after I left the company, half of the Indian engineers rolled off from the project, some on holiday, others for changes in the assignment, and I scooped them up on a long-term contract. They were not coming back to London anytime soon, if ever. All of them were excited about working in Dubai as it was closer to their families, and they could just find a cheap flight and be there in a few hours for the week or a weekend. Our IT setup was all about cloud services, and they could technically work sitting on a tree branch in the forest.</p>
<p>“This will be your office,” I took the girls to a nicely furnished room with modern, cosy furniture. The three were keen on doing something productive and having some sort of self-actualisation experience. I thought it was good for them. I already had a deal with Amy to rejoin the university online. Anya and Dixie wanted the same. They were not qualified for much at the moment, but they had my trust, and that’s what counted the most in my book.</p>
<p>Amy would only work part-time to get a taste of the corporate experience, still focused on her social network followers and being a cute and sexy daddy’s little girl for me.</p>
<p>“I’ve got the technology and management covered, but I need a public relations and a marketing department.” The girls knew little about it but knew how to attract attention and milk it. If they researched and studied, they would figure out what kind of website we needed, how it should look, and what it should say. Good artists copy; the great ones steal. What’s good for Pablo Picasso was good for me, even though I took it in a less figurative sense.</p>
<p>I went to my office and let the girls sort themselves out the way they thought best. Within minutes of sitting down, all of the engineers found their way inside, knocked on the glass door, and sat on the chair opposite, thanking me for a great opportunity and telling me how much they enjoyed working with me.</p>
<p>It was an investment I nurtured for a long time, and now it was paying dividends. They knew that if I wanted, I could poach them from their consultancy and employ them directly, giving them more professional development options.</p>
<p>The girls burst into my room just before lunch, bombarding me with their ideas. Some were spot on, and others were out there. I lifted my arms in surrender.</p>
<p>“What do I know about marketing? Do your best and make me proud.” It was the worst thing I could have said, and they attacked me with their lips, squealing like children.</p>
<p>“No, stop, please. Be professional,” I pleaded, watching the engineers on the other side snicker. Luckily, it was lunchtime already, so I dragged the girls downstairs. I was glad to see them excited and motivated, presented with a serious challenge. Some people need this to feel valued.</p>
<p>It took us a week for everything to come into its place, the home, the work, and our free time. The girls turned this exclusive villa into a home, converting one of the rooms into a nursery, and the boys got the room all for themselves, filled with boys‘ toys. During the day, the girls would come out in the sun, swim in the pool or the sea, and sunbathe. Our villa was at the very tip of the palm leaf, so only two other villas could have reasonable access, and both were unsold and empty.</p>
<p>The girls seemed to find their niche in just a couple of weeks. Neneh became the house manager. She was the one presiding over what went where and how things worked. Cassie became a real mommy girl. She would read and research everything about pregnancies, conspire with Amy, and love to cuddle. It made me laugh. Cassie barely found out she was pregnant and already acted like she was about to deliver.</p>
<p>One day, Cassie approached me after dinner, curled herself in my lap, and licked my cheek as always. I never asked her why she did that because I had to admit I found it cute.</p>
<p>“I would like to talk to you about something,“ Cassie started. I sat up, and she wrapped her arms around my neck. “Remember Shay?“ Cassie began. Who could forget the gorgeous blonde bombshell? I’ve been meaning to ask her about that. Cassie went into a lengthy story about the two of them being best friends, how they did everything together, and how they missed each other.</p>
<p>“Would you mind if she lived with us? I promise she will never be a problem.“ I couldn’t figure out why Cassie would think I would be against Shay.</p>
<p>“Book her a ticket today and bring her over.“</p>
<p>“But there is one more thing.” Cassie stared into my eyes. “She also wants to get pregnant.“ I almost laughed. That girl was a real copycat. Where Cassie went, Shay followed.</p>
<p>“I guess we’ll have to make her a baby then.“ I shrugged, watching Cassie’s pupils dilate. Then her eyes filled with tears, and she hugged me tight and buried her face into my neck. I stopped trying to figure her out and accepted it was impossible. Maybe someday in the far, far future, Cassie would tell me the story of her life. Until that time, all she needed was love, something all of us were able to provide in abundance.</p>
<p>The following weekend, I drove Cassie to the airport. I could have sent Iqbal, but this was an adventure. Cassie was in love with my Hummer. She would take every opportunity to drive it anywhere she liked. We stood by the barrier, right outside the security zone, when we heard a squeal. A gorgeous blonde ran up to us, pulling two massive hardshell suitcases. Shay didn’t come to visit us; she came to stay.</p>
<p>The two best friends embraced while I pulled Shay’s luggage, keen to return as quickly as possible before they turned too many heads. Dubai was a discrete city where public display of affection was discouraged, and the way the two women went at each other bordered on getting arrested. I certainly didn’t want that.</p>
<p>We barely managed to close the car doors when Shay attacked me with her lips full force, making it hard to breathe or get a single word in to answer her squeals.</p>
<p>“Thank you, oh, thank you, Jim. Thank you so much.“ There was nothing to thank me for. I liked Shay a lot, and the fact that she wanted to have my child made me like her much more. Shay was a gorgeous girl but damaged, perhaps in the same way as Cassie or even more. At least Cassie had her own unique style, but Shay was always content with mimicking her friend.</p>
<p>I didn’t mind, knowing that somewhere down the road, in her own way, Shay would open herself up to me when she was ready for that. This way or another, we are all damaged. I was just happy she chose me to be her child’s father. It made me think. The world was extra hard on gorgeous women.</p>
<p>Cassie, Neneh, and Tara were to blame. Without clear direction on my side, they caught and spread the baby fever, birthing in real life the manifestation of their fantasies. All the other girls jumped on the bandwagon and took the frenzy to a ridiculous level.</p>
<p>I created a world for myself with plenty of security and little judgment. The girls took it to the next level without possessive jealousy or pointing fingers, effectively creating a commune with me in the middle.</p>
<p>I should have stopped that, put my foot down and laid the law, but in all honesty, I got caught up in this, adapting my plan, adding one layer after another. All of it fits into my vision of the future, with minor alterations here and there.</p>
<p>“I am ovulating,“ Shay whispered, biting my ear with her teeth and moaning while I pumped away. After her arrival and all the commotion died down, I pulled Shay’s hand, saying, “Come with me, I want to show you something.“ I took her to the bedroom and pulled her down. There is no time like the present to make a strong statement. I could see Shay still needed encouragement beyond just words of a promise. It was the key to her psyche. Someone hurt Shay in a bad way, making her unable to trust men.</p>
<p>With deep, merciless strokes, I jackhammered my cock into her, pissing hot sperm like from a hose, filling Shay’s insides, painting her ovaries, while she moaned loudly, biting my shoulder. Actions speak louder than words. I showed her that some men keep their promises. One doesn’t have to be a psychologist to determine what happened and why Shy mimicked Cassie.</p>
<p>It was time to meet with Dan again, and much had changed. We’ve been talking online, bouncing off emails, and coming up with a plan so crazy that it might just work. Sometimes, I felt like Don Quixote, riding a horse and chasing the windmills of modern times, but it was all worth it in the end. There was no expense I’d spare for the sake of my children, even the seemingly crazy one.</p>
<p>Dan was a product of his time, just like everyone else. He had an ability, an innate talent to teach something that nobody could, and I seized the opportunity, telling him we should go into business. Not together, of course. I had no interest in helping other men, but I wanted to finance something Dan would be good at.</p>
<p>I’ve been perturbed about my boys since the divorce. At first, it was hard to even process that their own mother would be able to do something against them. It turns out that not all people are made the same. Somehow, my ex projected her misguided hate for me onto them, knowing it would hurt me more than anything else. The crazy bitch was ready to sacrifice her own babies to get at me, and for what? Ego is a dangerous poison.</p>
<p>It took some time and a lot of phone calls, messages, and meetings online before I managed to cross all the t’s and dot all the i’s. The one part that was missing was the final meeting with Dan. After completing our monthly scheduled training, I gave him my boys.</p>
<p>Through a bunch of intermediaries, I invested in a place in Thailand with a pool, villa, elephant rides, jet skis, beaches, and a whole other range of boy’s activities. Together with Dan and a group of instructors, child psychologists, and whatnot, we came up with a plan.</p>
<p>Dan would take my boys for a month to something looking like a Boy Scout summer camp. It cost me a bomb, but it was worth it. Dan would take my kids and some of his other clients, take them with his instructors and all the medical personnel, and in one month, he would un-brainwash their heads. Boys will be boys without confusing their gender. The toxic situation in the West made them doubt themselves.</p>
<p>I had zero confidence in Western experts affirming the lunacy of arbitrary gender. They even called it gender-affirming care, pumping the kids with puberty blockers, cutting off body parts, bolting another, then training everyone else to pretend we don’t see they were mutilated, applauding them for their bravery like taking the knee, virtue signalling some shit nobody believed, and everyone pretended afraid of a social judgment. I was done with that shit, and so were my children.</p>
<p>If my sons were gay, I wouldn’t mind. We are who we are inside, but to teach them at the impressionable age that they could be girls and it would all be fine was crossing the line. I felt for the people with profound mental issues feeling trapped in the skin that practically itched, but to actively promote it as a lifestyle choice, change your sex like you change your shoes, broke my will to live. I rejected the place that rejected my life, and I left. I was done with the shit on the stick shoved down my throat, and a red-hot poker showed up in my asshole, telling me to take my medicine and keep quiet.</p>
<p>I always got worked up when it came to my children. I wanted what was best for them, to love and protect them, and there was no power in the world to tell me I wasn’t allowed. I made a plan to fix all of that. I had a plan to give them a better future. Anything short of one hundred per cent from my side, and I would have failed in my eyes as a parent. Ultimately, it came to life, and I didn’t care about mine when it came to the health and happiness of my children. And I wasn’t alone there.</p>
<p>Dan told me a story about situations similar to those in other families. His former clients got married and had their own children, only to be caught up in a toxic system, radicalising wives and confusing children. That’s how he got a bunch of other boys to join the camp, and their fathers were happy to pay any amount. It cost a bomb and was experimental, but I only laughed, as I was sure did the other fathers. Kingdom for a horse; world for your children.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>“We would need you to move fast.” I watched the directors looking at me. I could see they were worried. Lamin did an incredible job working with the Dubai and offshore team from the New York office, supporting him with everything he needed. I had a burst capacity of two hundred and fifty people identified by my Indian delivery partner. We have already grown the team to fifty dedicated handpicked professionals, with all the senior engineers working directly with me in Dubai.</p>
<p>From my side, Lamin liaised with Owen and the team of my new client and discussed a range of operational issues. My lawyers talked to their lawyers and drafted the documents. They even visited our Lexington Avenue offices and video conferenced with me and my offshore team, noticing dozens of faces. We did not appear as a small enterprise unable to deliver on what we had promised. I even put the girls into the frame so we appeared as a diverse business, not just a geeky boy’s club.</p>
<p>The directors were nervous and wanted a meeting in person, so I jumped on a plane with Cassie and Faye, dressed in the best-tailored professional attire, looking exquisite. I introduced them to the board as my personal secretaries who travelled with me, took notes, and did anything I asked.</p>
<p>It is strange how the mind works sometimes. The board spent about an hour going through the same questions we went through at least ten times before, secretly throwing glances at the two incredible female specimens. All of them felt comfortable about what I had proposed in the end. I could understand that. They ran the company, but they were responsible for the shareholders. It was a massive publicly traded household name, and any reputational damage would make the heads roll somewhere. They desperately wanted to avoid that.</p>
<p>Nobody signs away billions of dollars to a company nobody had heard of unless they were desperate. Luckily, I had them by the balls, and Owen, their CEO, kept the tight ship, shutting down any descent before it surfaced. He personally stood to make enough cash in his back pocket to comfortably retire and live out his life as a rich man on a private Caribbean island somewhere.</p>
<p>It took us the rest of the week to iron out all the agreements, with hundreds of documents to sign and endorse: the NDAs, the SLAs, security, privacy, data sovereignty, and thousands more. Meanwhile, the IT teams signed off on the integration architecture. They exchanged data contracts, protocol specs, crypto keys, and a full load of everything else.</p>
<p>The hard part was getting all the insurance. It was going to be a massive system migration, and it took an incredible amount of documentation and third-party experts to assess our designs and readiness. On top of that, we were paying through our noses in premiums for that. If we broke any of our agreements or promises and the internal arbitration failed, the insurance company would cover our customers‘ losses, but all of it was still risky as hell.</p>
<p>“Nobody has ever done anything like this,” Owen said, drinking his scotch and smoking his cigar. He was a member of a private gentlemen’s club in New York and invited me for a nightcap.</p>
<p>“Why didn’t you do the audit?” I expected them to send a team of specialists to their suppliers. Owen laughed and patted my back with a cat-ate-the-canary smile.</p>
<p>“You know why, Jim. Of course, you do. Self-interest. I will make five per cent of the sale and get rid of the risk on the other end. Like you said. We’re in this thing together. Now tell me about those two babes.” It was my turn to laugh. Owen wasn’t a fool.</p>
<p>“Cassie and Shay are my girlfriends. Cassie is pregnant, and Shy trying.” The man whistled, shaking his head in disbelief.</p>
<p>“I don’t know how you do it.”</p>
<p>“Getting girls like that wouldn’t be so hard for a man with your charm and resources, but finding them is difficult. I’ll tell you what. Once all this is done, I’ll introduce you to someone.” Owen filled up our glasses and raised his.</p>
<p>“I’ll drink to that.”</p>
<p>We still had to do all the due diligence and perform the audit for the record’s sake, collect all the data and source code, and organise a proper handover. Going big bang approach on something as big as this was extremely risky. We planned to gradually redirect traffic and run the two systems in parallel for three months until we could decommission the old one, so someone had to go to the supplier and plan it all out. There was nobody I trusted to do that job but myself. It would be three months of hard work before it was done.</p>
<p>Cassie and Shay stayed in New York for a week, then flew back to London. I had a particular assignment for them. They moved into my apartment, telling me Amy’s three-bedroom was too big for them. They had the keys to Maybach to drive it around and go from place to place. Now they were salaried employees of my company. I opened a subsidiary in London, and the two would manage it.</p>
<p>I planned to stay for a month in New York and help Lamin set up the office. After all the documents were signed and ratified. I looked at our accounts and smiled. The company paid us the first tranche of five hundred and fifty million dollars, five hundred of which I rerouted to Dubai, leaving fifty in New York. This would be enough to run the office.</p>
<p>The contract was two and a half billion dollars paid in five instalments, then just over two hundred million monthly for operational costs. They were still making massive savings compared to the old supplier, and it was peanuts compared to what they made on top of it, which was over fifty billion in yearly turnover. It was unthinkable money, making our two billion in a year seem like a joke. The company was minted, and we became their key supplier. It was a perfect marriage of convenience. Owen was looking to make over a hundred million tax-free money, which was handed to him in bribes from the initial deal alone. Of course, he did his best, and I was right. It was the opportunity of a lifetime.</p>
<p>The following week, ten Indians arrived with their business visas, ready to integrate. Our client preferred in-person meetings, so I created a great collaboration space right there in our offices on Lexington Avenue. The first thing the guys did was extend the corporate DMZ so we could access their systems, and they could access ours. The team that arrived included the integration architects, specialists in configuring Cisco systems, and experts in edge computing. We were making magic.</p>
<p>Finally, in my third week, everything started working just fine. The customer teams and mine managed to completely integrate, and we could start the migration process. I went home that Friday feeling happy, exhausted and starved, but I couldn’t return to my hotel just yet. I flagged the cab down, and it took me to the airport, where I found Starbucks, sat down and waited.</p>
<p>About an hour later, I saw them and waved. Morgan and Bailey noticed me and squealed, running towards me like professional sprinters. They almost knocked me on my back, kissing and hugging me all over. The girls looked well. I kissed one, then another, to the dismay of all the conservative onlookers. I thought to myself, “fuck them.“</p>
<p>“What’s with all this?“ I asked them, pointing at the two large suitcases they rolled behind them. “I thought you were staying just for the weekend,“ I said, smiling. They squealed, hugging and kissing me again. The two started talking over each other. I couldn’t understand a thing they said. Hold on, calm down. Let’s talk about it over dinner. I didn’t have any food today. I am starved.“ More squealing and hugging ensued. I was just teasing the girls. They missed me terribly, as much as I missed them. They texted me and the girls all the time, but somehow, the stars didn’t align in the way we could have met before.</p>
<p>The taxi took us straight to the hotel and waited while I gave the suitcases to the bellboy and asked him to take them upstairs. Then I jumped back into the car, sitting between two ladies who wouldn’t stop kissing and fondling me until we arrived. I booked us a table at a fancy steakhouse, feeling so hungry I could eat a moose. They ushered us in and gave us aperitifs, then I turned to the girls, and we talked.</p>
<p>“It is terrible,“ Morgan complained. She got some work in films, mainly on B-roles and one time as a supporting actress. Sometimes, the dreams should stay where they were so you can keep dreaming about them and stay naive.</p>
<p>It was ironic that Morgan sacrificed everything to become a Hollywood actress who made enough money to pay her own bills, just to realise she wasn’t well-suited. When all the excitement and pomp wore off, she looked at what she was doing, and it was just another job. Like most things in life, the one per cent made all the money, while the rest kept spinning the plates, doing what they could to keep their heads above the water.</p>
<p>My girls didn’t help much, either. Morgan was a part of my close-knit inner circle, and she saw all the private photos the girls posted to each other, all the glitz, the glamour, and the carefree lifestyle. It was enough for Morgan to ask herself what she was doing with her life. She burst into tears as we waited for our steaks, hugging me tight, letting it all out. We all need to decompress sometimes, and Morgan had a sensitive soul inside. One thing I noticed after learning the hooker game was to pay attention to subtle emotional cues, a slight incongruence in body language.</p>
<p>“How about you? What’s your problem?” I turned to Bailey, and she burst into tears as well. I chuckled. Now that I made both girls cry, the world was good again, and we could eat. With all those women and two boys constantly up to some mischief, I got used to someone crying at any time of the day. In fact, for those weeks in New York alone, I started to feel a little disoriented without anyone sobbing anywhere. I missed all those female hormones.</p>
<p>When our food arrived, a confused waiter watched the girls dry their tears and sit on their chairs. It took them only a few bites before the waterworks stopped, and the world was a happy place again. The steaks were excellent. If there is one thing I loved in America, it was a perfectly done bison steak. I could eat it for dinner, lunch, and breakfast.</p>
<p>“We want to go dancing,” The girls whined after finishing their meals, including two servings of the desserts.</p>
<p>“I am exhausted today, but I can take you tomorrow.” I’ve never been to a dance club in New York.</p>
<p>“I hope you’re not too tired,” Bailey whispered into my ear, biting it a little. My cock hardened instantly, demanding release. It’s been the longest time without sex since I could remember.</p>
<p>“I want you to cum inside me,” Morgan added from the other side. Two naughty minxes had all of this planned. I had to clear my throat twice to raise my hand and speak.</p>
<p>“Check, please.” I could see a suppressed smile on the waiter’s face. The look on mine must have been entertaining. The eyes of the restaurant guests were glued to us as we walked out. A man wearing a business suit with two gorgeous ladies dressed to impress hanging on his arms never failed to amuse the onlookers.</p>
<p>We walked on the street for a while, attracting curious stares. The girls have never been to the Big Apple and wanted to get their first impressions straight. It was a lovely evening, warm with a clear sky. I enjoyed the walk and taking a breath of fresh air. No matter how nice my office was, I felt a little suffocated. I was grateful that the girls came when I called them. Perhaps we could save each other again.</p>
<p>We got into the hotel room with the girls laughing and giggling. Bailey, always the comedian, was making us laugh. The girls tugged at the strings of their dresses, and they peeled off and fell like red autumn leaves. I swallowed; I could smell them. The girls came to me and started tugging on my tie. I was shedding clothes as they pulled me to the showers, and I smiled.</p>

</body>
</html>
