<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 45 - The changeover</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 45 - The changeover</h2>
<p>My plane landed in London in no time. I was getting used to intercontinental travel. I spent a week with Morgan and Bailey in New York, working in the office and exploring the city in our spare time. The hard part of the job was already done, and I hired both of them to be my eyes and ears and run the marketing department, liaising with the girls in Dubai.</p>
<p>One would wonder why we needed one, but it was all part of a much bigger strategy. The girls had already created our online presence, brochures, business cards, logos, and letterheads. If anyone looked at us now, they would think we were one of those institutional conglomerates with perfectly designed, insanely boring corporate identities. The girls in New York wanted to extend that principle and created an equally clean and unexciting online presence.</p>
<p>They would closely work with Lamin and support him as my trusted representatives. Lamin would take them to meetings and delegate tasks that took too much effort for him to handle alone. Unlike Lamin, the girls were uneducated, but they were intelligent, hard-working, and motivated. They wanted to help and devised a plan to ask if I would give them a real job. The whole acting and modelling thing wasn’t panning out the way they imagined, so they saw my invitation as an opportunity to change their lives.</p>
<p>Trust over experience, commitment over competence. It is said that good decisions come from making mistakes. Most corporations I’ve had a chance to interact with were incredibly risk-averse. They spent millions on error prevention and next to nothing on recovery. I liked to think the other way around and plan for the mistakes to be made, but limit them and have procedures to quickly recover from them. This results in a nimble, progressive style of management with people empowered to make their own decisions instead of pushing them up the management chain until the committee of the frightened incompetents decides it was too much risk for their appetite. The solution for corporate inertia was employee empowerment at every level of a structure limited by a perceived impact of damage before bumping it up a level.</p>
<p>It took me an hour to clear immigration and pick up the luggage. This was the part I hated the most about air travel, which depends on mass transit procedures, queuing, prodding, and herding us like cattle.</p>
<p>Cassie and Shay waited for me outside, instantly dispelling my irritation like sunshine does the mist of the night. I was starved and parched, refusing to stuff my stomach with heavily processed aeroplane food plied with cheap wine to help me replace one nasty aftertaste with another.</p>
<p>“You have to see this place,” the girls said, having found another fancy restaurant doing fusion cuisine for a taste palette used to cornflakes and hamburgers. I didn’t expect much, but I was pleasantly surprised. Instead of the usual gauche design and waiters pretending to speak French, serving pretentious middle-aged men wearing bow ties and women with raspy voices, the place looked cosy and friendly like a pub, and the menu had both spaghetti and steak, but they never touched.</p>
<p>It turned out the place was owned by a gay couple, both of them American, one from the Midwest and the other Italian, and both were chefs. Instead of doing the obvious thing, mixing nuts with berries, they chose to offer a bigger menu, keeping the food separate, catering to a broader customer base without resorting to cuisine nouvelle.</p>
<p>I had to give it to the girls; the food was excellent, the wine list extraordinary, and the entire ambience exquisite, although more for the company than the venue. Cassie and Shay kept gurgling like doves, happy and excited about their new life.</p>
<p>“You know what day it is?” Shay asked me, squeezing my hand. I kept a detailed calendar of things that mattered. Of course, I knew those were Shay’s fertile days. When she failed to fall pregnant on the first try, Shay took it as a kind of personal challenge, not wishing her child to be too far apart from Cassie’s. One would call it lunacy, but I found it cute. What goes insane these days? Is a sane person inside the asylum the sane one, or is it the other way around? Insanity is hereditary; you get it from your kids. This clearly applied to Shay, making her a little coo-coo but also very nice.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>It felt strange to be back in the lobby of my old company. I was sitting on a plush sofa next to three serious-looking gentlemen from a management consultancy hired by my client. Ten minutes later, the office manager issued us temporary electronic passes and led us to the conference room.</p>
<p>“What are you doing here?” she asked me, recognising me immediately. Donna and I were never on good terms. She always thought I was strange, and I could see it in her eyes now. She was interested in me, but because of my prior clumsiness, I missed all her little flirting cues.</p>
<p>“I am the specialist forensic auditor hired for this job.” Her eyes popped, and her jaw slacked. Donna knew perfectly well what would happen. I almost chuckled, willing to bet she would take a day off or at least a long lunch break today just to get out of dodge. I would do the same if I were in her place.</p>
<p>“You know your way around. I booked you into 5-D,” she said and disappeared, probably to get an early start on her escape plan.</p>
<p>Five minutes later, five people joined us, and they stared at me like seeing a ghost. I introduced my three auditor colleagues to my former ones—the account manager, program administrator, technical sales manager, and two junior techies. They sent the B-team, where the B stood for “bullshit.” They were the warm and fuzzy feel-good sales guys whose only job was to say “yes” and ply the other side with alcohol and hookers. They didn’t expect to see me there.</p>
<p>A knock came on the door, and one of the canteen staff arrived with tea, coffee, and biscuits. I poured myself a cup and took one bite, waiting for the waitress to leave the office so we could start with the process.</p>
<p>All eyes were on me as I pulled out a thick yellow manila folder and took out a bunch of printed documents.</p>
<p>“To save us time, I prepared this questionnaire for you to answer.” All the technical questions exposed the systemic failure of their system. Without me on their payroll, they had no way to patch the live system. I knew the entire line of work was frozen as they didn’t even have a single mainframe specialist working on their side. Sooner or later, the whole system was doomed to fail, and at the moment, they had no capability to fix it.</p>
<p>Since I was the only one who knew how their internal algorithm worked, it would take them months, if not years, to reverse-engineer it. Of course, that would be impossible with a failed system. Without me, the company was looking at a widespread service outage.</p>
<p>When I explained this to the board of directors and my new clients, I could see the sheer panic rise in their eyes. Their former supplier could have easily taken them out of business. Sure, the lawyers would get involved, and somewhere, someone would determine the damages. By then, it would be too late for the board of directors and everyone else. A part of my pitch to them was complete transparency, including knowledge transfer. From a business continuity perspective, if my business were to fail, my clients could easily take over and run that part for themselves.</p>
<p>My former colleagues were shocked, looking at the paper. Mentally, I patted myself on my back. There was absolutely no way they could answer any of those questions without lying and passing this audit. If they failed, a range of contractual clauses would be invoked, which wouldn’t only cost them a client but also have numerous financial repercussions. Owen let me read the contract, and I laughed.</p>
<p>Owen was an intelligent man and a shrewd businessman. He was looking to recoup the money he spent on me through an arbitration leading towards the lawsuit. This way, we would make a pile of cash without costing his company anything. In a sense, my old company would be footing the bill for everything I did against them. I had to admit I developed a bit of an acquired taste for schadenfreude.</p>
<p>I watched the techies on the other side go through my document with frozen faces, but their eyes gave them up. They knew exactly how deep in the shit they were. There was absolutely no chance for any of them to bullshit their way out of that. They walked in smug and confident, and it made me want to laugh to see it all crumble away.</p>
<p>“Those are complicated questions. It would take us some time to prepare our answers.” This is where one of the guys on my side jumped in.</p>
<p>“That’s okay. Our forensic expert and the rest of us are happy to stay and work with you jointly to find the answers. Please remember that you are contractually obliged to provide them within seventy-two hours.” The guys on my side knew perfectly well how the game was played. They were briefed about the issues and were sent there to bring it all down. I knew Owen was out of reach for a planned holiday, skiing in the mountains without cell reception or internet access. He timed it perfectly so he couldn’t be contacted. I wanted to scream from laughter, watching their faces. A picture of a deer in the headlights came to my mind.</p>
<p>I finished the IT stuff and let the management consultants rip the B-team apart. I carefully instructed them who was likely to be there and informed them of all the holes and weaknesses. It wasn’t a meeting but bloodshed. Owen felt personally threatened, so he sent the consultants for a pound of flesh.</p>
<p>We broke up for lunch, and the account manager escorted us to the canteen. I was halfway finished with my meal when Janine approached me. She was Diarmaid’s personal secretary.</p>
<p>“Excuse me, Jim, but Diarmaid wants to see you in his office as soon as you finish.” I wiped my face with a napkin and pushed my plate away.</p>
<p>“Is he mad?” Janine shuddered, looked at me with her big brown eyes, then looked down.</p>
<p>“He is furious.”</p>
<p>We walked in silence. Janine made me sit in my chair for ten minutes, a standard play with Diarmaid. He was a creature of grand gestures that were ultimately meaningless like he would always come to the meeting five minutes late and make everyone start over. Diarmaid was a sadist of the worst kind. I once met his kids at the office party, and they looked petrified, especially the boy, Tom. I was willing to bet one would kill another. Everyone knew Diarmaid had a short fuse but was also a political animal. Whoever stood in his way ended up screwed. He was the kind of man who rarely lost his temper but held a grudge forever, and now I would meet him face to face.</p>
<p>“What the fuck do you think you’re doing?” Diarmaid started without even offering me a seat. I smiled, walked over, pulled my chair, and sat in it, staring into his eyes, and the man winced. It’s been long since anyone could win a staring contest with me.</p>
<p>“You should have paid me five million,” I said and chuckled. It was hard to control my amusement as I watched Diarmaid’s face turn purple.</p>
<p>“I should have fired you a long time ago.” I tapped my fingers. He was wasting my time.</p>
<p>“Is there a purpose to this conversation, or did you call me to vent? I don’t work for you anymore and don’t have to listen to your tantrums.” It was the wrong thing to say. Diarmaid caught himself at the last minute, just about as he was to throw an expletive. He probably remembered what happened to Dick and controlled his temper.</p>
<p>“This is a conflict of interest. I could take you to court for corporate espionage.” I couldn’t help laughing. He watched me with big eyes, unused to someone belittling him this way.</p>
<p>“I bet that giving me the CTO role looks very good now.”</p>
<p>“Fuck you, Jim. I will see you in court. I promise you that.” This got me annoyed. It was time to finish the charade. I sat up straight and took a deep breath. Our eyes connected, and I pitched my voice just perfectly.</p>
<p>“You will do nothing, fucktard. All this is your fault, and after I leave the office, you’ll do what you do best—scramble like a little pig to protect your ass from turning into bacon, then probably pin it on Dick and have him take the fall. Do you want to know why? Because you are a cockroach.” I could see Diarmaid’s hand tremble. His face was so red, I thought his head would blow like in the film Scanners.</p>
<p>“You were the one who insisted we void our contract. You were the idiot who signed the non-litigation agreement. Your fingerprints are all over this shit, you pompous cretin.” Diarmaid’s hands were almost white, how hard he was squeezing the seats of his chair. He was angry and wanted to lash out, but something in my eyes and the tone of voice kept him frozen.</p>
<p>“You will do nothing but allow us to conduct this audit, and you will lose your customer. This situation will cost you billions now. There will be no court. I am smarter than you, and you underestimated me. You are the idiot who didn’t want to give me the CTO position because I don’t know how to play the game. I am better at it than you, moron. I just have a distaste for it, and remember, I am a multimillionaire now with almost unlimited resources to go after you personally. I know you took bribes, and I can prove it, so be a good little boy and do what you’re told and stay the fuck away from me.” I showed him the finger, stood up, and slammed the door behind me.</p>
<p>Janine looked up at me with big eyes and a pale face. I smiled at her and winked. She almost giggled. Janine got the message that I wasn’t really angry or upset. She hated her boss more than anyone else, but it was her job, and she tried to tolerate it. I heard the intercom buzz, and Diarmaid screamed her name. She got up to enter his office with worry on her face. I caught her hand and stopped her for a moment.</p>
<p>“If you need a job, come work for me right here in London, and I’ll get you a better salary.” I slipped my business card into her pocket and smiled. She mouthed “thank you” and ran inside.</p>
<p>Everything happened just as I predicted. I was assigned a team of engineers, all from the same delivery partner. None of the original guys were left on the project to minimise the exposure to any conflict of interest. According to contracts, the delivery partner could work for competitors as long as the same people didn’t work on the competing projects, so all of them got replaced.</p>
<p>I didn’t need them but kept them busy anyway, copying files and transferring from one source control system to another. Over a thousand little libraries had to be migrated and documented, and terabytes of data had to be moved. After the terms of service of the original contract, their client, now mine, owned the entirety of the data and the source code. It would take a month to transfer it all, but my Dubai engineers working with ones onshore could take care of that. I employed everyone with a deep knowledge of the systems, and they were busy building a hybrid cloud infrastructure.</p>
<p>Just as expected, I never spoke to Diarmaid again. He kept away from me, and there was no talk about lawsuits or any such bullshit. Dick, who was placed on administrative leave, got blamed for everything as my direct line manager and fired. I would feel sorry for the man, but you can’t make an omelette without cracking a few eggs. This was the cost of corporate politics. When you rise up to the C-suite, you must expect it. I was the CEO of my company now, and I didn’t enjoy the job, but it was necessary. Someone had to do it.</p>
<p>We had a massive party after my return to Dubai. Tara and Dixie took the Hummer to pick me up, wishing to see me as soon as possible. I was away for six weeks, and they missed me. They stood at the arrivals security gate, tapping their feet and waving. As soon as they noticed me, the girls wanted to rush the barriers. It was all I could do to stop them from getting arrested. They hugged me hard, disregarding the onlookers, so I quickly moved them away to a more private place.</p>
<p>“I need coffee,” I croaked, and Dixie produced a Starbucks cup out of nowhere. It turns out my needs were predictable, even as I remained a mystery to everyone, including myself. The girls offered me to drive, knowing how much I liked my Hummer, but I was exhausted and preferred to frolic with Dixie while Tara took the steering wheel. Dixie cuddled with me while I watched the city pass by. It was good to be home.</p>
<p>Loud squeals greeted me as soon as I opened the doors. “Daddy, daddy,” Liam and Callum screamed, running towards me to hug me. I kissed my boys, missing them terribly despite our almost daily Zoom calls.</p>
<p>“I missed you so much, my lovelies,” I said, hugging them tight like I was never going to leave them again. The girls stared at me with teary eyes, and I opened my arms, calling to them. “I love all of you too, my darlings,” we ended in a group hug lasting at least ten minutes until everyone had a chance to kiss me and get a good squeeze.</p>
<p>“Come, come, we prepared a meal.” It was delicious. Those cooking lessons paid off with dividends. I ate like a pig and ate some more. The girls laughed with pride. There was just something deeply cultural in all of them, responding to feeding their man.</p>
<p>“We’ve got some news for you,” Neneh began after the girls took away plates and served desserts.</p>
<p>“Mmm-hmm,” my mouth was too stuffed with tiramisu to speak, and all of them giggled.</p>
<p>“I’m pregnant,” Neneh announced.</p>
<p>“And so am I,” Paige added. I almost choked, trying to say something. Instead, I stood up and opened my arms to hug them.</p>
<p>“I love you so much, my darlings.” I kept kissing them all over. Liam and Callum felt left out, so they ran up to us to extend their hugs. I squatted down to their level and spoke to them.</p>
<p>“Do you know what it means?” Both of them nodded.</p>
<p>“We are going to get more brothers or sisters,” Callum proudly exclaimed. I hugged them tight.</p>
<p>“That’s right, my lovelies. You will have a huge family.” Dan did a fantastic job with the kids. I got separate reports from him and Tara every day. After a month of doing the drills and talks with child development experts and psychologists, all that pile of woke bullshit that Tina spoofed them was gone. I strictly forbade anyone to play with any child television program made in the twenty-first century. Disney was off the menu, and so was Netflix. The kids were not allowed smartphones or access to the internet. The only sanctioned company was Hanna-Barbera before it got sucked into the Warner Bros conglomerate. My kids knew how to read, and that’s what I promoted. They were allowed television only thirty minutes per day.</p>
<p>Neneh was the strictest of teachers, having had firsthand experience with what happens when you go against nature. She read every book before giving it to the children and sat in every class as we homeschooled them. Neneh even went so far as to vet their friends, took the boys to the mosque, and made them pray every day. She took Arabic classes and had the boys learn how to speak and read the Quran. Neneh wasn’t going to let the boys even think about anything effeminate.</p>
<p>She met and interviewed a group of mothers and their families and chose three best friends for the boys of the same age. I don’t know how she managed to find a former Taliban fundamentalist family that migrated for work to Dubai, and I didn’t care. I just knew there were no transgender Taliban out there. I was hoping that by providing the boys with the contrast between ultra-conservative and progressive conservative values, I could lead them to a healthy place.</p>
<p>Dan told me I didn’t have to do that and that the boys were fine, but I wanted to set a precedent and build a proper learning environment for all my other children. I swore to myself I would never drop the ball again. It was strange and possibly contradictory to be a proponent of conservatism while living the life we lived. I didn’t want my kids to be brainwashed one way or another. I wanted them to be open-minded and know the difference between right and wrong.</p>
<p>There was absolutely no way I would accept my boys being told they could be girls or taught the joys of gay sex. The progressive liberal left could collectively get on their knees and suck my dick, then turn to each other and fuck themselves. I didn’t want any of that shit in front of my kids, even if it meant I had to move to Africa somewhere. It wasn’t going to happen. Not on my watch, ever.</p>
<p>If someday my kids grow up and figure out they are gay or something else, god bless them. I wouldn’t love them any less, but I wasn’t going to allow a group of perverts in the government to use my children for their political experiments. In a way, I felt sorry for the entire LGBT community. Most of them just wanted to live, love and have the same rights as the others, but someone somewhere saw an opportunity to subvert that and turn it into a weapon against my children. This crossed the line.</p>
<p>All my girls knew about my stance, and they supported it. Most of them suffered some sort of violence or neglect from their broken, dysfunctional families if you could even call it that. We were a family and a tribe, close-knit, tightly integrated, loving, and caring for each other, and none of us wanted to do anything to break that. Instead of being jealous and having arguments, the women found friendship and love in each other.</p>
<p>Of course, it was a little hypocritical because all of my women were bisexual, but they were adults, able to make up their own minds, and they were careful to never show that side in front of the children. In every family, the kids should be sacred.</p>
<p>Our strange living arrangement became a beacon of hope and a blueprint for success. The girls loved me as much as they loved each other, and they got what they had missed and desired their entire lives—a family of people who wouldn’t judge them, who would lift them up instead of drag them down. We all wanted that. I never knew what it was to have a dad. All of us were from broken homes, and together, we made something incredible.</p>
<p>It was unintuitive to think that having multiple women would bring out the balance, but that’s what happened. The girls were never alone and never without someone they could trust. There was never one person washing the dishes and never one person raising the children. It was a community living of a different kind. I might have been the head of my tribe, but we were all equal.</p>
<p>“I have a surprise for you,” I told my boys and my girls. “Tomorrow, we’re going to Abu Dhabi to take a boat ride through the mangrove forest.” Everyone squealed. The girls were trying to get me to take them to this world’s wonder, a desert converted into a forest with rivers and lakes of immaculate water. Who on earth even heard of that? Dubai has the tallest building on the planet, but it paled compared to the mangrove forest. While the West was destroying itself with political misadventures, the other countries cared for what they had and nurtured the land.</p>
<p>I used every opportunity to spend as much quality time with my family as possible. Amy started showing quite nicely and needed a lot of attention. The girls helped her make amazing pictures and videos and posted them to her followers. She had over two million of them by then, and companies were begging her to do some product placement. Naturally, Amy ignored them. She wasn’t in this for money but attention, ever as much of an exhibitionist as ever. Most of my girls got to sunbathe in the nude on the roof of the house, where Neneh had contractors create a little lounge with a bar and shade.</p>
<p>Most of my attention during the workday was focused on getting the services up, and after four weeks of testing, we went live. The initial Terraform and Ansible code I wrote was extended and improved by Indian engineers. We could press a button now, come into the office the next day, and have an entirely new scalable environment built for us, together with access points through a private VPN. All we had to do on our side was install the TLS certificates on our office servers; voila, we were connected. It worked like magic, and we stress-tested it to bits. Thanks to my distributed algorithm, the damn thing scaled like crazy.</p>
<p>This was the key to my proposal. I wrote a unique algorithm that separated and parallelised the workload over multiple commodity hardware running Kubernetes instances. The result was staggering. I hoped we would be within standard mainframe tolerance levels, but after tweaking the algorithm, I got it to work at three times the speed. Not only did we satisfy the non-functional requirements, we blew them out of the water. There was ample space for growth, and we could onboard other businesses.</p>
<p>I even installed our own software that randomly messes up the connectivity or reboots the servers. It was based on Chaos Monkey and Simian suite, so when we do the testing, we can see what happens when things turn to shit. The techies from the client side were rubbing their hands and licking their lips. The board was ecstatic with the reports, and Owen patted himself on the back.</p>
<p>The next tranche of money landed in the five hundred million for migration and two hundred for the operation. I pushed it all into Dubai. We were flushed with cash, which made me move to the next step of my plan. It would require a lot of flying around, and I was done with the commercial flights.</p>
<p>I took a lease contract for a large executive Airbus ACJ 350 XWB, the top of the line in corporate flying at a measly three hundred and fifty million apiece. The salespeople were salivating. When they told me I had to wait for a year, I hung up on them. The manager called me back in twenty minutes, apologising. It turns out they found one that was brand new, ready to fly, had all its certificates, and was good to go.</p>
<p>The plane landed at Dubai Airport, and I had to inspect it. It had a boardroom, a lounge for sitting and drinking tea, a bar and a restaurant, a sitting room, and even a full-blown bedroom. All of it was exquisitely decorated with the most modern materials, leather and silver, mixed with white and brown mahogany. The girls couldn’t stop screaming and running around it like insane. All of them insisted I take them on my travels. Every single one of them wanted to join the mile-high club, flying in style.</p>
<p>When I saw the brochure, I loved how it looked. All the executive planes I saw on film or the internet looked similar, with some sort of a plain cabin with few plush seats. Not this one. The aircraft was built like a modern five-star hotel room. It was the highest form of decadence. After seeing the girls’ reaction, I knew there was no way for me to fly a commercial. Even the carpets and lights were of incredible design. Every single thing on the plane was put there to awe and impress. It was the ultimate “fuck you” to the boys in their Lambos and Ferraris, the ultimate perversion of opulence, a veritable finger in your face. I wondered for a moment what kind of pervert would even dare buy one, and then it dawned on me. I was the one.</p>
<p>The plane was the ACJ 350-1000, slightly bigger than the nine-hundred series, just over two hundred feet long. It was the less desirable model for the price difference. The company had a dispute with an existing customer who paid the deposit and then tried to pull back from the sale and order the cheaper one. I also wanted the cheaper one, but when the sales director told me I could get this one the same day, I made up my mind, pressed a few buttons and the agreements were signed.</p>
<p>This plane changed things dramatically. I could travel comfortably, work and sleep, and even shower, and I didn’t have to do it alone. The best part of it, I never had to rent a car again. I could just load mine into the cargo hold and use it as I like, and I would never have to go through the baggage and immigration bullshit. The plane would land, and by the time I disembarked, my car with my clothes would be waiting for me.</p>
<p>The company was kind enough to find two incredible pilots with decades of commercial and military flying experience. Finding the flight attendants was an easy task. I went to the recruitment company and asked them to send me the list of the youngest ones who recently completed their training. I chose the two prettiest ones who worked as fashion models in their spare time, a redhead and a brunette, then had a local designer make their uniforms look so sexy that they were borderline obscene. The girls said nothing; they were just happy to fly in this incredible machine. It took me a month to get everything ready, but the plane was finally here, fully staffed, and my girls were going nuts, exploring the place in front of two pairs of jealous stewardesses’ eyes.</p>
<p>It would be a hard six months spent mostly in the air, flying between New York, London, and Dubai, and the plane would make my life easier. I was going to take the New York and London public. My lawyers shook their heads, telling me six months was ambitious, doubting it could be done, but I stubbornly refused to listen.</p>
<p>They helped me hire the right consultancy for the assessment, financial audit, and legal and regulatory compliance while I busied myself sourcing the right investment bank to be my underwriter. I already had a great legal firm representing me, and they recommended the accounting equivalent, a household name that knew its way around public companies.</p>
<p>The only thing that would be left in the end was the SEC filing and the due diligence, as well as working with the underwriter to get the set offer price. My biggest job was to onboard the early investors and sign contracts with other clients to bump up the assessment and raise our starting share price. Luckily, I knew the right people who could help me with that.</p>
<p>While I was busy with the technical stuff, the girls would be flying around all the time doing roadshows and marketing. I hired a specialist marketing consultancy to shadow them, prepare everything the girls needed, guide and teach them exactly what to do, where to go, whom to meet, and what to say.</p>
<p>“Who wants to go for a ride?” The girls started jumping around, squealing like crazy. None of them wanted to miss the opportunity for an incredible adventure. It took the pilot twenty minutes to file the flight plan and get all clear. Then we were pushing off into the air, and the girls cheered.</p>
<p>Liam and Calum were glued to the windows, looking out. They loved flying, and as soon as the plane levelled up, they enjoyed everything the plane had to offer, especially the inflight entertainment. I pulled out my laptop and connected to the internet. We had WiFi in every corner of the aircraft. I never flew in such luxury, and neither did the girls.</p>
<p>The flight attendants brought us some drinks, and the boys approached them, curious to find out who the girls were and if they were also their aunties. I smiled, thinking how one never knew and promised myself that if ever I got more girls, I would recruit them for a specific purpose, like flight attendants to staff my plane. When I started my changeover, I was starved of attention, especially the female kind. Over time, as I grew to know and love my girls, the others became less interesting. To bring someone else into my inner circle would mean exposing them to people I loved and my children.</p>
<p>Over time, the bar raised itself to the point that I wasn’t even interested unless a girl was an incredible genetic specimen—we are talking eights or nines on the M-scale—or if she could be trusted to fulfil a specific role in my tribe; otherwise, she’s not worth the investment.</p>
<p>It was a six-hour flight, and after the initial excitement, the girls calmed down. Tara was the first one to figure out that the plane had a fantastic bedroom inside, and the bed could be used for all sorts of purposes in addition to rest. She approached me and cuddled into my arms, gurgling gently into my ear.</p>
<p>“Master, I want to fuck.” She looked at me with her innocent eyes, fluttering her eyelashes. Tara knew me well and learned a trick or two from Amy along the line. I could never refuse the horny little daddy’s girl when she looked at me like that.</p>
<p>“Ah well, fuck it. Let’s go join that club,” I said, and all the women laughed. Dixie was turning into an outright comedian. She cupped her hands around her lips and nose to mimic the sound of the in-flight announcement system.</p>
<p>“Ladies and gentlemen, we are cruising at an altitude of ten thousand feet. Please expect some turbulence.” Even the stewardesses burst into laughter.</p>
<p>I woke up with a start. After testing every position mid-flight, I closed my eyes and drifted away, enjoying the feel of high-thread-count linen and thick satin covers. They slithered around my body as I breathed, imagining I was in heaven, riding the clouds. We were high above them, going full speed, with the enchanting hum of the engines lulling me to sleep.</p>
<p>“We are about to land,” Tara said. I quickly took a shower and put on my clothes. Minutes later, we were all seated and strapped in, looking through the portholes at the tropical paradise below.</p>
<p>The girls started squealing even before we landed. The cars waited for us next to the runway. When the doors opened, a gust of hot, wet air hit us, so different from Dubai, smelling of an exotic fruit cocktail. It took us some time to get to Belle Mare, all spent in a daze, breathing in with our full lungs, getting drunk on nature’s essence. The hotel staff awaited us outside, almost bowing to the ground, expecting its high-rolling customers.</p>
<p>Within minutes, we checked in and unpacked, changed into our colourful bathing suits, and tested the waters. The white coral sands spreading from one infinity to another cuddled our toes as we walked into the waters. None of us had had such an experience before; it was awe-inspiring, almost spiritual in its nature.</p>
<p>The girls swam and giggled, playing like children in a game of sharks. It was the heaven of heavens, with all the luxury and opulence of Dubai already forgotten. The water was perfect, as were the sun, the view, the scent of the air, and, to top it all, the hotel. It was an opulent, luxurious place, surrounded by the beach and a tropical forest on the other side. Every one of us was taken aback, feeling like we had stumbled upon a garden of Eden.</p>
<p>The hotel wasn’t the newest type, and if I looked closer, its age started to show in places, but none of it detracted from the experience. On the contrary, it added to its charm, feeling lost at the end of the world, surrounded by nature. None of us noticed the passage of time, too consumed with the beauty of life. Belle Mare, they called the area “the beautiful sea,” translated from French. The name didn’t do it justice as we all stood in awe, watching the sunset. One could be born, live his life, and die without seeing a sunset like that. It would be a wasted life. I felt privileged, and the girls cried. By fate or cosmic accident, we had found one place on this planet to feel perfect happiness.</p>
<p>The hotel staff took care of us, bringing out chairs and tables right on the beach, together with grills, and started the fire, intent on feeding us next to gentle waves with torches for light and quiet music fitting the ambience. My mouth watered, smelling grilled lobster while the waiters filled our glasses. I lifted mine, toasting to everyone, and the girls squealed in perfect happiness. It occurred to me, right at that moment—I had sought an adventure and found a new life. One thing was certain, beyond any doubt. We will remember this holiday for the rest of our lives. The only question remained: how do I convince everyone to leave this place?</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>It turned out that purchasing the plane was one of the best investments I ever made. The Dubai girl enlisted one of the Indian software developers to create a private phone app that could be downloaded on our family intranet. I almost died from laughter when Amy tried to teach me how to connect to our family Office365 account and access Microsoft Teams and Sharepoint, which had everything from calendars to recipes.</p>
<p>The app would connect to exposed calendar web services, treating the plane as one of the meeting rooms. The girls could book flights here and there while the app would calculate the most fuel-effective days. If someone went to New York, it would be better to plan with someone who is going to London. Lamin hitched a ride more than once, and now that we had a private plane, we could fly directly to Africa. No more layovers, no more nonsense. It cost us a lot of money, but it was worth every cent. Besides, the New York company paid for all of it, claiming it as a legitimate travel expense for tax purposes.</p>
<p>Days, weeks, and months flew by, and we worked day and night. Three months into the program, we cut ties with the UK, and my old firm became history, with their ancient mainframes decommissioned. My company was making two hundred million easily every month, with expenses totalling only about ten million, including delivery partner consultancy fees, offices, and cloud servers. We were massively profitable. Dubai was, but not New York. I structured the company in such a way that most of the money ended up in Dubai, where I could simply walk into the bank and transfer all the profits tax-free into my personal account.</p>
<p>The major expense in New York was all the lawyers, consultants, and other parasites who were commuting through the company, contracts, and business plans. I signed up three more companies to start next year, each netting about a hundred million a month. We were talking about incredible numbers, thousands upon thousands of transactions per second, but my algorithm proved to have almost linear scalability, which meant we could grow it to vast numbers.</p>
<p>The girls did an incredible job going on roadshows, presenting our pre-IPO packs, and offering shares at discounted prices. I was already down to about seventy per cent ownership of the New York company while retaining one hundred per cent ownership of Dubai. Investment firms, banks, venture capitalists, and other sharks could smell the blood in the water. They bombarded my team with all sorts of unsolicited offers. The demand was so huge and coming from everywhere so fast that the accountants had to revise the share price almost every month.</p>
<p>Hiring Morgan and Bailey was one of the best decisions I made. The two girls were like hungry wolves, unaware of what they were capable of. They focused all their efforts and drive on winning the fight, and within just three months, they became outright ballbusters. Of course, Lamin helped them. He hired a small group of business advisors to support the two girls and teach them what to do in the real world, and they were insatiable. The two had an equal thirst for success as for knowledge.</p>
<p>After three months, everything accelerated. The damn company crossed some threshold, and everyone wanted a piece. I kept selling my shares and putting the money aside, and suddenly, I had a board of directors sent to me by the investment companies. It was all I could do to control the place, running from meeting to meeting, saying “no” to everyone.</p>
<p>The shares split and split, and at the end of the fifth month, I was a minority holder with only about ten per cent of company shares left. The investors traded amongst themselves and speculated. I had to fight off someone from the board almost every day. All of them united against me, calling me incompetent.</p>
<p>“You are a techie, not a management type. We want to hire a real heavy-hitter,” they said. I was the biggest thorn in their side, refusing to run the company as the investors wanted. It was the same old story as with Diarmaid and my old company. The money guys were made of the same cloth, and I didn’t belong to their club, but I was too smart to just use as an idiot. I knew the game they played. The investors saw a great opportunity to make money and swooped in to take it away from me.</p>
<p>“Why do you need a plane? What are those expenses?” They went on and on. It was exhausting. I used to run my company as I saw fit, but suddenly, there were so many rules. We hired so much middle management that everything became a problem. Nobody could make any decision, no matter how small. The parasites infested my brainchild, and they were giving me haemorrhoids.</p>
<p>It wasn’t fun anymore. Even Amy quit after getting into a fight with one of the new know-it-all idiots. She was about to give birth and was highly hormonal. The New York company became a cesspool of politics. Even Lamin came to me a couple of times, begging me to release him from the job so he could become my driver again.</p>
<p>Coming up to the IPO day, the pressure became unbearable. Morgan and Bailey would come to me every day and cry in my arms to release stress. Even sex didn’t help. We were all pissed off, nervous, physically and mentally exhausted. I knew all this would happen, so I insisted we push for the six months. I would probably kill myself if I had to endure it for a whole year.</p>
<p>The board was screaming at me, threatening lawsuits and all sorts of other shit, demanding my resignation, promoting some other guy for the CEO position. I met the smug asshole, and the stench permeated. He was a Teflon-coated and lubricated turd of a man. I had to count my fingers to check they were all there after shaking his hand.</p>
<p>“Now is not the time. Let me get us through the IPO, and I will step down as CEO.” This seemed to placate them. I understood the investors in some way. They invested millions into my company and didn’t care about it. All they wanted was their big payday, the return on investment once we go live.</p>
<p>The day finally came, and we hit the stock market. There was a public announcement, and everyone started trading like crazy. I took all the Dubai money I borrowed and bought stock straight away, then sold it at a higher price, repeating the process over and over again. I wrote a program to do this automatically for me, following a different algorithm and using the same software infrastructure to make an incredible amount of decision-making and trades repeatedly. When the stock started to slow down, I would use cash to buy it at a much higher price. It would push the ticker up, and all other investors would buy, sell, and buy.</p>
<p>My program made whale-like trades, pushing the stock up throughout the day. Up and up we went. I was losing cash, but my math was correct, and the algorithm could make real-time decisions. Predicting the stock market is a pipe dream, but predicting the stock price of only one company you control is actually not that hard, provided that you have enough cash.</p>
<p>Ten minutes before the end of the trading day, the algorithm sold all my positions, and I sold the last ten per cent of the stock I owned at an incredible price. That’s where everything stopped and plateaued. The trading day ended, and I was out of there.</p>
<p>The first thing in the morning when the management walked into the office, they received my resignation letter. According to my terms and conditions of employment that my own lawyers drafted, I could do that without notice. I paid myself a ten million dollar bonus for leading the company through the IPO and fired Lamin as COO, giving him a five million dollar severance.</p>
<p>I fired all the girls that worked for the company, paying each a one million dollar severance as well. My plane lease was transferred to the Dubai office, and I was out of New York. The board called me in a panic, failing to understand why I did that.</p>
<p>“This is what you wanted, isn’t it? You’ve chosen your CEO, now have it.”</p>
<p>“We wanted you to stay as our head of engineering,” they said, and I laughed.</p>
<p>“Sorry, I’m not interested. I wanted to be the CEO of my own company, but you ruined it for me. Find yourself another person.” I said my polite goodbye, and we were done. Some emails followed, asking me why I fired the COO and practically the entire marketing department. I wrote back to explain that now that they had the new CEO, he would want to make his own team, so I saved him the trouble of firing everyone. The marketing department was optional as they were hired to get us across the line.</p>
<p>Undoubtedly, they checked whether I was allowed to do that, just to read it in the bylaws of the company and employment contracts. I could pretty much do what I wanted and not be liable for it. I made sure my lawyers were explicit about it but hid it inside legal jargon and the small print.</p>
<p>The new CEO took up the reins. The share price dipped a bit, but nothing significant. It quickly became painfully evident that the shares were at their maximum, and they would stay there for a while, but there would not be a massive climb that would allow the investors to speculate. They locked their cash and had to hold it for a while or use it as collateral to free up other financial instruments. They didn’t lose much but didn’t gain much either. The trades were too fast on the first day, thanks to the program I wrote. I specifically designed it to make trades unintuitive so a human brain or another algorithm wouldn’t be able to catch up with it and figure out what I was doing.</p>
<p>Of course, the traders had their own computers, but none of them could predict that I was willing to make a loss to recover it in the final trade. I was just propping up my ten per cent before I sold it, resulting in zero on the investment account, but that wasn’t my money anyway. I effectively used the investor’s cash to artificially prop up the share value, so I can sell my ten percent at the best moment.</p>

</body>
</html>
