<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 46 - What dreams may be</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 46 - What dreams may be</h2>
<p>It took the New York company some time to figure out the new management and replace the Indian software engineers with those locally sourced. Only then did they realise that the New York company was permanently tied to the one in Dubai through contracts.</p>
<p>Their first instinct was to bring all the software in-house before they figured out that the algorithm used was never a part of the deal. I kept it as a personal intellectual property registered to my company in Singapore and exclusively licensed to the Dubai company on a per-transaction basis. I got paid a fraction of a cent for each transaction made using my algorithm, paid monthly, which, based on the current transaction volume, summed to just over twenty million dollars per year.</p>
<p>There was no way around it. This was the key to how the entire system worked. Everything else was just the infrastructure they could manage in the US or elsewhere, but the Dubai company would only sublicense the algorithm with the rest of the service.</p>
<p>The new owners had it legally tested, and it failed upon reading. All this information was inside the contracts and the details within reams upon reams of technical documents nobody ever bothered to read. That’s always the problem with those super-smart money guys. They know everything, and they are above everyone. I was always just a simple IT guy who paid attention to details.</p>
<p>“Those are wonderful. I must have more.” Salvatore smiled, having another date filled with honey and dipped into white chocolate with golden Arabic writing on top. Those were the most expensive dates I could find, custom-ordered from my favourite shop in Dubai.</p>
<p>“I will make sure you do, Count Conti.” The man laughed, taking another sip of coffee and looking at the sea from the terrace we sat on. It was a little-known fact that Salvatore Conti was actually a count connected to European nobility, the oldest of the old money.</p>
<p>“You did well for yourself, my friend,” he said, patting my knee, laughing. “Three and a half billion dollars, if I am correct.” He was a smart man.</p>
<p>“Not as well as you did, my count.” The man was a gambler, but a safe one. He had a nose for money like nobody I’ve ever met before. When we first met, I told him about my plan, and he loved the idea and backed me with ten million dollars. He spoke to his friends in The Society and elsewhere, and they were the leading investors helping me prop up the shares. They made tens of billions speculating on share prices, which I controlled. Even all those multi-billion contracts I signed were with the companies they owned. I knew that all those sales and contracts would evaporate for this reason or another.</p>
<p>The new CEO would have a tough time keeping the customers, and I was willing to bet they would replace him within a year after he cost the company billions in unrealised sales. That’s when the shares would turn to shit, and Owen’s company would buy it out cents on the dollar, cutting their expenses from two hundred million per month to about a quarter of that. Owen would get praised for that, make millions in executive bonuses, and retire somewhere, happy and loaded.</p>
<p>I heard loud giggling and turned to the side. Cassie was waddling towards me, heavily pregnant, followed by Shay, barely moving her belly. Cassie carried a boy, and Shay was laden with twins.</p>
<p>“I see you’ve been busy,” Salvatore joked. “Remember, son. You live only once. Children are the only real wealth a man can have, and I am sure with beauties like that, they will be perfect.” The old leech always had a thing for pretty ladies.</p>
<p>The girls sat down, and Salvatore’s butler appeared with a selection of fruits and juices.</p>
<p>“Would you care for a refreshment?” The butler asked with a perfect English accent. The girls huffed a few times to catch their breath, then thanked the man, taking fresh ruby red orange juice and some fragrant tea. The old count found all of that amusing. He sat there smiling, twirling his moustache.</p>
<p>“Did anyone tell you that you look like the Monopoly guy?” Shay innocently asked, and the man exploded into laughter. Shay never knew how close she came to the truth. The old man Conti loved to play real-life Monopoly, and he won all the time.</p>
<p>Nobody knew how much cash the man had. Nobody dared to ask, but everyone knew he was connected to the high heavens and welcomed into royal circles where no mere commoner was allowed. The word on the street was that Salvatore financially propped up several European monarchs. I was willing to bet this was true and that he did it because it amused him to have a royal title. What’s a royal title without royals around? The man was merely protecting himself from becoming a commoner.</p>
<p>“The view is so beautiful here,” Cassie said, looking at the sea past the terrace.</p>
<p>“It is even better at the apartment,” Salvatore reminded her of the incredible place we stayed at and the pool on the roof we never tried.</p>
<p>“God, yes. It is so beautiful. I could live there,” Shay added, and I joined Salvatore in laughter.</p>
<p>“I bet you could,” he said, finding all of it too amusing. “How was your flight?” The girls started talking about the plane, promising to show it to him. The man could easily afford such an expense, but he rarely flew, and keeping a plane, pilots, and the flight crew was too much of a hassle.</p>
<p>“How did you get here?” The girls told Salvatore that one of the stewardesses drove them. They took a Maybach from London and brought it to Monaco. None of us had any immediate plans to visit London anytime soon. I talked with the manager of the car company and paid off the loan early.</p>
<p>The first thing I did when I made my money was stop any long-term haemorrhaging, pay off all loans, and complete the house sale in Dubai. We were in the clear.</p>
<p>“You must be tired. Let me take you to the apartment.” We followed the old count to the car, and he joined us inside, admiring how roomy and bright it was. The stewardess drove us around right into the centre of Monte Carlo, then into the basement of the apartment block, from where we took the elevator to the top floor.</p>
<p>The place was, as I remembered it, regularly cleaned and maintained, a perfect luxurious living space with an incredible view of the coastline.</p>
<p>“This is as expensive a place as it gets,” Salvatore said. “Probably the most expensive real estate on the planet, going by price per square footage.” He took us from room to room again, showing us everything as if we could forget. Salvatore gave me the keys, the key cards, and a yellow envelope full of papers.</p>
<p>“What about the other thing?” I asked.</p>
<p>“Ah, yes, right.” He pulled another envelope from his coat pocket and handed it to me. I checked the contents inside, and everything was perfect, just like we agreed.</p>
<p>“I’ve gotta be going now. Have fun and enjoy yourself, and don’t forget to visit sometime.” The old man made his way down, through the lobby, and out where his car waited.</p>
<p>“You know what? I could use a nice cup of coffee.” The girls jumped to make it while I sat down, enjoying the view in the distance, the sea and the ships. It looked incredible. The girls joined me on the balcony while the stewardess returned to the plane to fetch the kids. The boys were sleeping when the plane landed, and the girls didn’t want to drag them around until we were home.</p>
<p>“I love this place,” Shay said and sighed. I couldn’t agree more. It somehow resonated. It wasn’t the riches and opulence, but something else like a perfume in the air, the sense of freedom unlike anywhere else. The people born here were blessed. It was a perfect safe haven from the idiocy, a little traditional place inside Europe, cosy and protected by France, not part of the EU, but kind of part of it. I loved places like this, sitting on two chairs, reaping all the benefits without the investment.</p>
<p>I could smell the gentle breeze carrying the salty scent of the sea, and I closed my eyes. The girls were already on cloud nine. There was indeed something special in this place, and not just the price; it enchanted me and made the time pass faster.</p>
<p>The sound of the bell made me jump. Was it already an hour? I looked at my empty cup of coffee. When did I drink it? The girls were semi-catatonic, so I got up and opened the doors. The two stewardesses came in, bringing the kids, and they ran into my arms, squalling, “Daddy.”</p>
<p>Six months have passed since I had enough time to spend with my children. The boys grew like weeds, and they were so big now. Callum had just turned seven, and Liam was almost eight now. Ever since I took them from their mother, both of them blossomed. Dan did a fantastic job bringing them back into the boys‘ camp. Whatever he did was incredibly effective, and I had an idea I wanted to talk to him about, but first things first. I wanted to spend some time with my kids.</p>
<p>The pregnant girls were too tired to waddle to the restaurants. The trip and the pregnancy wore them out. I already made different plans, and twenty minutes later, I heard the bell again. A man in his late thirties came in, carrying two large bags full of groceries.</p>
<p>“This is Gaspard. He used to run a three-star Michelin restaurant in Paris before it went bankrupt during lockdowns. He couldn’t keep the staff, and it all went tits up.”</p>
<p>“C’est la vie,” the man said and laughed, unpacking the groceries in the kitchen. Gaspard was a curious character, an epicure who liked nothing more than to serve a good meal. He used to serve in the French Foreign Legion when he was younger, from which he returned with shot nerves. Cooking and reading were the only two things that could calm him down, so he went to cooking school, and it turned out he was gifted.</p>
<p>Gaspard liked to play classical music while he cooked, so he shooed us away to go somewhere else until he called. The boys were still jet-lagged, so I took them to the bedroom and let them sleep it off, knowing there would be hell to pay later when they started going nuts like gremlins after midnight.</p>
<p>Cassie and Shay barely made it upstairs. The roof of the building was exquisitely decorated, looking like some sort of tropical beach cabana, with a large pool in the middle, wooden sunbeds on its sides, and one covered sitting area with matching rattan sofas and glass tables if someone just wanted to sit outside, enjoy the incredible view, drink coffee, work on a laptop, or just hang out with friends.</p>
<p>There was a self-standing changing room that doubled as a bathroom and a covered area with an outdoor built-in barbecue, fridges, and storage for utensils and plates. Whoever designed the place perfectly married utility with style, resulting in a picturesque rooftop oasis in the middle of Monte Carlo. It was impossible to find a property more central than that.</p>
<p>Cassie and Shay shed off their clothes and flopped into the pool like two pregnant sperm whales, finally able to catch their breath as water buoyancy released their spine muscles. It looked funny from afar, but what would I know about being pregnant? As much as the girls loved the experience, they swore an oath to get their revenge. They were tired and hormonal, flipping from laughter to tears like a bipolar bear inside a washing machine.</p>
<p>I quickly undressed and joined the two in the water. They swam towards me, and we embraced. Then, the two lovely ladies cried. It was hard for them to carry babies, travel the world, and work in the office. We all had scars from the past six months, but it was all over.</p>
<p>The girls were shocked when they received the texts from their bank accounts that a million dollars had been deposited. Nobody expected it, and I didn’t tell anyone. Lamin was jumping to the high heavens from happiness.</p>
<p>“What do I do now, boss?”</p>
<p>“You can do what you like. You are a multimillionaire.” He looked at me, a bit lost and deflated, then perked up and smiled.</p>
<p>“If you don’t mind, I would like to take a couple of months off in Africa to help my family; then, I would like to return and be your bodyguard and driver.” It was a good life, and Lamin missed it. He was smart enough to realise there was nowhere to go but downhill. Lamin was the chief operating officer of a successful multibillion-dollar business, and in six months, he burned out. He had enough stress to last him a lifetime and enough money so he didn’t have to work again. He could return to Africa or stay anywhere, get married, have a family, and do whatever he liked, but he missed being my driver, hanging out with my girls, reading books, and studying.</p>
<p>“I think I want to join an art college.” I patted the man’s back. Over time, he became my good friend.</p>
<p>“You are always welcome, Lamin.” We hugged before he took off to visit his parents.</p>
<p>It was just us now in Monaco and Dubai. London was gone, and so was New York. We pulled out from there and left the place alone. I kissed Cassie, and then I kissed Shay, patting their bellies.</p>
<p>“You know how much I love you?” The girls nodded and snuggled in closer, and like that, we floated for a while until I went for a swim up and down to reactivate my muscles. I did what I could over the past six months, but I slacked a little on exercise. I was committed to doing better and forcing myself back into shape.</p>
<p>As I swam to the front of the pool, I noticed the two stewardesses standing there, watching me and my girls with burning jealousy in their eyes. It wasn’t the malicious kind but the wishful type. My girls befriended them and saw them as extended family members, like Iqbal and his family or anyone else we regularly interacted with. The stewardesses got to see our Dubai house when we invited them for dinner, and they almost choked watching the luxury we lived in.</p>
<p>When they visited Monte Carlo, their heads spun. They landed the most ostentatious plane in the world in the most ostentatious city. Now they were invited for dinner at the most ostentatious apartment they’d ever seen, to have a meal prepared by a Michelin-awarded chef just because I wanted it.</p>
<p>This wasn’t just a perverse display of wealth but a lifestyle far and above any they could even imagine. People hear about supercars lining up Monaco streets, but none of those rich people transported their Maybach inside their own luxury Airbus like one does luggage. It was beyond decadent.</p>
<p>“Don’t you feel hot up there?” I asked, and the stewardesses nodded. “Why don’t you join us for a swim?” Their faces instantly turned several shades of red darker.</p>
<p>“We don’t have swimming suits, sir,” Erin, the brunette one, said. Tess, the redhead with the cutest freckles, just remained silent, staring into my eyes.</p>
<p>“Do you see any of us wearing them?” The girls shook their heads, and I swam away to do my laps, letting them do what they wanted. I didn’t particularly care. On my swim back, I saw the two quickly undress and smiled. They were tall and slim with perfect curves. No wonder they used to work part-time as fashion models. Erin and Tess were exquisite.</p>
<p>I swam to the end of the pool, right up to the glass barrier. It was one of those infinity-type deals that makes you shit yourself if you look down. The pool ended right at the edge of the building, and I would probably pass out from vertigo if it wasn’t for the safety glass. Cassie and Shay, of course, knew that, and they teased me about it.</p>
<p>“I hope our kids don’t inherit this.” They were the sassy ones. It would be hard to measure, but I liked to think that Cassie loved me more than all other girls. She loved to cuddle in my arms and would always kiss me and lick my face. Shay naturally copied everything, like two clones in different super hot bodies. She loved me with all her heart, but I was sure she loved our unborn twins more. Sometimes, I caught her sitting on a sofa, reading fairy tales to the two unborn babies. All my girls were deliriously happy after so many years of having a real family.</p>
<p>Erin and Tess came over to join us at the end of the pool, staring at the wide city vista, the sea and docks with a dozen multimillion yachts moored there. It was a breathtaking view impossible to forget. Shay sighed. She was the most enamoured with the place.</p>
<p>“I wish I could just stay here forever.”</p>
<p>“You could if you wanted. I own it now.” Cassie and Shay almost choked, while Erin and Tess just turned pale.</p>
<p>“You are joking. This place is worth millions,” Shay added. She never spoke about money before.</p>
<p>“Yes, estimated one hundred million euros.” It was a gift from the old man or, rather, a part of the deal I made with him. He backed my business, but if I made him a pile of money, he would do an enormous favour for me, plus give me the apartment. I would have settled for the favour, and the apartment was a gambit.</p>
<p>The old man was looking for a way to offload it anyway. It had been empty in the market for a couple of years already, without anyone rich enough prepared to spend this kind of cash on it when in a less desirable location, they could buy a house for half that money. This apartment block was a landmark building where only the richest of the rich lived, making the property priceless on paper and worthless if you wanted to sell it. Nobody sane would spend that kind of money.</p>
<p>The girls stood frozen, trying to process the fact that I owned this landmark property. It came with two dedicated parking spaces in the basement—one for the Maybach and another for the Hummer if I wanted to have one here. Cassie’s eyes were all over the place, reassessing the property from a completely different vantage point, while Shay shuddered.</p>
<p>“I was just admiring it. I didn’t mean.” Shay’s voice failed. I pulled her in and kissed her head. She was such a sweet weirdo, like most of my babes. All of my girls knew full well that they could sit on a plane and live wherever they liked in whatever property I owned. They might as well choose to live here for a while, then come to Dubai or anywhere else. Erin and Tess just floated quietly, trying to comprehend the immensity of what I had just said. It was so out of their reality that it almost sounded perverted. Cassie looked into my eyes with a smile, shaking her head.</p>
<p>“You are crazy. That’s why I love you the most.” She hugged me tight and licked my cheek. “I guess that’s the big surprise and why you wanted us here.”</p>
<p>“Not really. I wanted to show you something else.” All the girls stared at me like I was about to pull out a wedding ring. I pointed at the harbour, and everyone’s eyes grew big. “Which one do you want?”</p>
<p>There was only one choice. Out of dozens of yachts and luxury motorboats, only one stood out like a black swan. It looked like a beautiful monster, making all the other ships look like toys in the water. It was so huge that it took up an entire side of a dock, and still, about a third of it protruded in front. The ship was vast, with a sleek black outer hull and four white decks, one on top of the other. It had pools and bars on it, and an entire helicopter was secured on the helipad.</p>
<p>“This is Belle,” I pointed at the ship and smiled. Four hundred and forty feet in length, one hundred and thirty-four meters and change. It was an exclusive super yacht costing me three hundred and seventy million dollars, including the helicopter. It was the fifteenth largest in the world by its size, flying the Monaco flag. The ship was built by a bankrupt Italian shipyard, pricing it at five hundred million, but I got a hefty discount. They needed money to survive, and I had plenty. Like the old man Salvatore said, I did very well for myself and made almost four billion dollars over six months, most of it on the day my company went live.</p>
<p>I had no idea what to do with that money, so I decided to buy a few toys I liked and invest the rest. Even if this failed, I would receive at least twenty million per year in intellectual property royalties. I had enough money to last me ten lifetimes. What else was I going to buy? I had a gorgeous villa in Dubai, an iconic Monte Carlo apartment, a luxury plane, and a super yacht, all of which cost me a measly six hundred and fifty million dollars. It represented only seventeen per cent of my entire wealth.</p>
<p>To most people, this amount of money was unthinkable, but then you imagine the real billionaires with ten, fifty, a hundred billion or more. Compared to them, I was an amateur. I never learned about Count Conti’s wealth, but I assumed it eclipsed mine by at least one order of magnitude.</p>
<p>I was never much into riches; they just never interested me. I had an idea of the life I wanted to live, so I got myself a house, a ship, and a plane. The Monaco apartment was a happy coincidence, a fringe benefit of a negotiation ending better than expected. I looked at the girls, and they were flabbergasted. Tess, the redhead, actually passed out, and Erin was propping her up so she wouldn’t drown. I guess it was too much for all of them, but it looked like a big joke, like a video game where I fought the boss to get to the next level.</p>
<p>I helped the girls out of the pool, and they laid on the sun beds to dry. I couldn’t stop myself from looking at four nude beauties basking in the sunshine. The way that the stewardesses looked at me, I knew they would fuck me at the snap of my fingers. That’s why I chose the most beautiful ones, knowing that sooner or later, it was inevitable.</p>
<p>It was the same reason I chose a dozen sailors using the same criteria. Belle, my ship, needed at least a dozen hands to keep it in pristine and tiptop shape. That’s where I pulled Gaspard from. He was the chef I hired for the ship, and he had two female assistants, both gorgeous girls in their early twenties, single and in love with travelling.</p>
<p>Gaspard had no interest in women. Due to the nature of his war injuries, the only real passion he could experience was through food, music, and Baudelaire. It took me forever to source the right captain, a widower in his late fifties still in love with the memory of his childhood sweetheart. The man sailed seven seas on various ships all his life. He laughed when I interviewed him and talked about all the electronic gadgets.</p>
<p>“Those are just toys, Jim. The ocean is like music, like a sonata. You close your eyes and listen to it. You either have it or not.” He had me at that. I didn’t have it, but the man obviously did. He loved his wife dearly, but he adored the sea. He heard its hum and could read the waves. You meet talent like this once in a lifetime. The first mate was a younger guy in his mid-thirties, a Sicilian, married to an exceptionally jealous wife from a wealthy family. They had two kids, and she made it abundantly clear to the man that he would never be able to have any more children if he even looked strangely in the direction of other women.</p>
<p>There was no way on earth any of those three men on the ship would have anything to do with the women working on it, and I made it certain using contracts that any inappropriate sexual advances of the crew to one another would result in immediate termination, and they would be blacklisted.</p>
<p>The rest of the crew were all female. My first criterion was that the girls should look incredible and be perfect genetic specimens. I didn’t particularly want to have sex with them, but I learned with the two stewardesses that eventually it might happen, and with that, everything else—love, kids, and whatever else—so I wanted to cut through this at the start to ensure myself from making a whole new category of potential mistakes. I made it abundantly clear to my recruiter that I wouldn’t hire a single person who wasn’t at least a seven on the M-scale. I didn’t want to explain it to them, so I just said, “Imagine a Victoria’s Secret runway show from the nineties, five-foot-ten, about a hundred and ten pounds, symmetric face, long legs.” They shook their heads, telling me it was impossible.</p>
<p>“It is not impossible, just hard. That’s why I’m paying you a lot of cash. Be creative, or be gone.” It turns out the recruiters needed just a good pep talk. Someone had a bright idea to raid all the modelling agencies, choosing the girls‘ pictures and asking what they had studied.</p>
<p>The waitresses and maids were easy to find, but the chef’s assistants were harder. Gaspard rejected eleven when he interviewed them until he agreed on two. The engineer was the hardest. The recruitment companies had to innovate and troll through Facebook and Instagram to find the two I hired in the end. As a result, I ended up with a crew of three men and a dozen of the most gorgeous sailors anyone could imagine.</p>
<p>I hired the same designer to create some sexy uniforms for them, stocked the ship with four trucks full of everything we might ever need, and sent the captain there to get everything organised. The captain was a humourless bastard who only cared about the well-being of the vessel and tolerated no bullshit or dissent. His word was the law on the open seas, and he was ready to go down with the ship.</p>
<p>When I informed them I was coming, he lined up the crew like a drill sergeant, all hands on deck, and they sailed Belle right into Monaco on her maiden voyage. This caused quite a stir at the docks, and the owners of other ships were asked to moor them elsewhere just to make space for the behemoth vessel.</p>
<p>Belle’s arrival sparked incredible interest. Even in such a rich place, a superyacht of this size seldom visited. People speculated about who might be the owner and stared at the incredibly sleek lines, looking futuristic, like some sort of spaceship. The sailor girls waved to the crowds, and they cheered, adding to the mystery of who might be the owner. Everyone just assumed it was some sheikh from faraway lands. Nobody would guess in a million years that it was just an IT guy.</p>
<p>I rummaged through the storage for a few minutes until I found a brand-new six-pack of Nivea sunblock. I went to Cassie and poured some of the milky cream on top of her belly. There was no point in rubbing it into her back, and she was unable to lay down on her stomach for months.</p>
<p>Using my index finger, I drew a heart in cream on her belly, and Cassie smiled. I loved her very much, and she did me. It was so unintuitive to show the same love to all my women without a trace of jealousy. Somewhere down the line, I made the right move, and it snowballed from there. All my girls were perfectly happy to share me with each other as they were happy to frolic with one another. Sex was just that, great fun. What we had was much more, something that transcended mere physical pleasure. We were a family and had children together.</p>
<p>Of course, arguments happened from time to time. Anyone living with a bunch of pregnant, hormonal women saying otherwise is a lying bastard. Disagreements are unavoidable. Instead of wrapping your language in wool and policing your speech, you better invest in the skills to de-escalate, say sorry when you did something wrong, and apologise. They say that prevention is better than cure. That’s why we wash our hands before dinner. Unfortunately, this turned into a prevalent culture. Don’t say or do something that might victimise the others. We lived in an age where being a victim was an advantage. People were arguing about whose victimhood trumped another.</p>
<p>Cassie sighed and closed her eyes as I massaged her heaving breasts. They grew in size, and as a boob man myself, I loved to play with them.</p>
<p>Invariably, my hands would veer off the beaten path. I am made of stone if I could resist the charms of naked goddesses, ready and willing, opening their legs to give me access. I poured some cream on my hands and delved deeper into the valleys of their flesh, one by one, hearing them moan as I kneaded their breasts and tweaked their nipples.</p>
<p>All four of them reacted differently yet similarly. Each one of them opened her legs wide as my fingers traced their way between them to play with a little pink nub of pleasure. It was a culmination in more than one way, a perfect crescendo in the musical of the day.</p>
<p>One after another, I watched the girls‘ backs arch. Their hands balled into fists as they squealed. It made me think about how this perverse display of wealth had a direct consequence on female limbic systems. I wasn’t seducing them or even trying to impress them. Like some grownup kid, I shared my excitement, and it culminated.</p>
<p>The girls came hard, and then their bodies relaxed, glistening in the sunshine, reflecting the light against their thoroughly lubricated bodies. I smiled, watching their beautiful pink orifices. My cock was hard like a stone yet, but I didn’t want to ruin the moment. The girls were just stunning, and their pussies beckoned. I wanted to stick my tongue into them and eat them till they fainted, but I couldn’t move. I was mesmerised. Out of all the fancy toys and riches, this was what impressed me the most. The four gorgeous naked women shared themselves with me, enriching my life with all that they were.</p>
<p>I let them sleep for some twenty minutes, basking in the sunshine and the warm afterglow of their orgasms before getting a text from Gaspard that the food would be served in fifteen minutes. I stirred the girls awake with endless protests.</p>
<p>“Why do I have to put on clothes again?“ Cassie pouted, and the stewardesses came to her aid. I could imagine how terrible it must have felt, but we all knew it would be worth it in the end. Cassie, of all my girls, was the biggest mommy type. All she could talk about when prompted is how she wanted to nurture her children. She didn’t give birth to our first one yet, and she was chewing my ear off about our fourth one.</p>
<p>“I want you to make me pregnant straight away. You don’t have much time, old man.“ She would mercilessly tease me in bed because I was twice her age. None of the other girls did that, but none of the other girls spent so much time with my sons apart from maybe Neneh. I helped Shay put on her clothes and helped her waddle downstairs. Shay knew she was in trouble carrying twins.</p>
<p>“Look what you did to me,“ she often joked, pointing at her massive belly. Shay frequently cried and needed a lot of love. I didn’t use any of my influence on her, and she still carried the demons she had. “I love you so much, Jim,“ she told me once before hugging me tight and crying the whole night. It looked to me like a catharsis of some sort, but I never asked. Shay was much calmer after that day, but she still cried all the time, laughed like a kid, and cried again.</p>
<p>The two young stewardesses went into the bedroom to wake up the kids, wash their hands and faces, and bring them to the table while I sat down with Cassie and Shay, sipping on a beautiful nonalcoholic cocktail.</p>
<p>“How do you call this?“ I asked, and Gaspard shrugged, explaining that it was something he often prepared for himself. It was sweet, colourful, and fresh.</p>
<p>“Let’s call it Virgin Gaspard Fresh,“ I suggested, thinking if one added some fine rum, it would make a perfect mainstream cocktail. Gaspard liked it and is thinking about adding some coconut shavings next time. “Make us a recipe and put it on a menu on the yacht.“</p>
<p>With all of us sitting around the table, Gaspard started bringing us starters. It all looked so incredible that none of us dared to eat first. The girls took photos and shared them until Gaspard had enough of that and started cutting the food and putting it on our plates.</p>
<p>“You are a treasure, Gaspard,“ I said. The food was excellent, and for the first time, I got enough on my plate, served by the Frenchman. When I mentioned it, Gaspard laughed. His entire idea behind his award-winning restaurant was to serve the most fantastic food, perfectly presented at astronomical prices but with enough to feed the guests. He preferred composting the leftovers to having customers clean the sauce on the plate with slices of bread. It was a winning formula and the reason why his place was so popular.</p>
<p>“Do you miss it sometimes?“</p>
<p>“Bien sûr, monsieur, but I don’t miss the management.” Gaspard only loved to cook, but running the restaurant business, hiring and firing people, or dealing with drunk customers ruined his zen and made him hate the company. This is why he jumped at the opportunity. He would cook for a small group of people who appreciated his cuisine and had enough spare time to read, listen to music, and watch the waves. It wasn’t so much the money as it was the lifestyle. He would never be able to afford one like that.</p>
<p>“Don’t worry about this. I’ll clean up,” I told Gaspard after all the girls fell into a food coma, and he started to pack the food.</p>
<p>“I promised the girls on the ship some leftovers.”</p>
<p>“What do you mean? What do they usually eat?” Gaspard explained that the girls eat what everyone eats. They have their own staff canteen, and they make their own food and eat what they like. I wanted to jump out of my skin.</p>
<p>“Would you mind making a nice meal for the staff every day?” Gaspard smiled, and his eyes got big. “I would love to, but I would need two or three more assistants so I could rotate them. Fifteen people, three times a day, it is a lot of work and not fair to the girls.” I got it; serving the food would require at least two waitresses, cooking, washing the dishes, setting the tables, ordering produce, and managing stocks. This is why Gaspard struggled. He saw only a tiny part of the problem and did the best with what he had.</p>
<p>“I’ll get you the stuff you need. Meanwhile, try to make do with what you have.” I could see this meant a lot to the man. We never met in person, and he didn’t know what to expect. Everyone on the ship received a six-figure salary. I paid better for the deckhands than any other ship owner, mainly because I had such stringent staff requirements, but on the flip side, nobody dared to say a word in protest or even whisper a suggestion. That’s not what I wanted.</p>
<p>I realised that the way the owners usually ran ships was smart and efficient, but I wasn’t trying to cut costs in any way. This entire ship business really cost me an insignificant amount I could easily cover with a fraction of my royalties. A year of the entire ship expenses, including the fuel, cost me less than I made in a month without lifting a finger.</p>
<p>While Gaspard picked up the leftovers, I made a few calls and sent a few text messages. The ship captain was the law on the open water, but Belle wasn’t a cargo vessel or a cruise liner. I needed two more cooks, two more waitresses, two kitchen staff cleaning and washing the dishes, a kitchen manager, and a ship manager in addition to the twelve already there. I found it unacceptable to eat great food and feed my staff with the crumbs of the table. “What the fuck?” I was disappointed. It was nobody’s fault, but I was responsible. To run the ship the way I wanted, I needed at least eight more staff to make it efficient, plus the food bill would climb sky-high, but on the flip side, there would be less expired stuff to throw away.</p>
<p>After pouring some coffee into a cup, I went to sit by the window overlooking the bay and enjoy the tiramisu Gaspard made for me, focusing my thoughts on the little problems. It made me laugh. I knew a perfect job for Lamin when he came back. In addition to being my driver, I’ll make him the chief operations officer of my little family enterprise. After what he had been through, Lamin was more than qualified.</p>

</body>
</html>
