<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 47 - Hard Bargain</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 47 - Hard Bargain</h2>
<p>I almost jumped, feeling the gentle touch of a soft hand on my shoulder. I was so lost in my thoughts that I overlooked Tess, my beautiful redhead stewardess. She was barefoot, wearing only her lingerie and a white towel around her hair.</p>
<p>“Can’t sleep?“ I asked. She nodded her head, her blue eyes meeting mine. I always liked looking at Tess‘ face and counting her freckles, finding them cute on most redheads. She sat on a sofa next to me but didn’t go all the way in, remaining tense and looking uncomfortable.</p>
<p>“Jim, may I talk to you about something personal?“ I nodded, pushing a small plate with tiramisu towards her. She shook her head ever so slightly, biting her lip, gnashing her fingers against each other. I could see a fine sheen of perspiration on her forehead and a little tremble as she moved her hands.</p>
<p>“I like you,“ Tess blurted out. I knew where this was going now and decided to play with that. I was too focused on my business, and I hadn’t learned anything new for a very long time.</p>
<p>“I like you too, Tess.“ I smiled and patted her hand.</p>
<p>“No, I mean, I would like you to, hmmm.“ Tess was trying to find her words.</p>
<p>“Come on, what is it? Blurt it out,“ and she did. Her eyes teared up from stress, and she kept on talking, telling me that she was attracted to me and wanted to be one of my girlfriends. I was about to interrupt her to remind her that I never defined my relationships, but I stopped myself from arguing semantics.</p>
<p>Tess must have kept all this bottled up for quite some time. Once she got going, there was no stopping her, one way or another. She told me about her past life and all the mistakes she made, making a logical leap to save her life. She was projecting, and I let her do it.</p>
<p>This was the best example of what most men do wrong with women. When a girl likes a guy, she will talk and seduce herself. All the man had to do was shut his mouth and nod his head, pretending he was a perfect listener. Instead of pointing out to Tess all the assumptions she made and outright logical mistakes, I listened, looking into her eyes with a smile and encouraging her to talk more. With each minute, she was revealing more of herself, practically making herself available for the picking. All I had to do was to reach for it.</p>
<p>Eventually, Tess ran out of steam and exhausted herself, laying bare in front of my gaze. This was what I waited for, what I like to call the negotiation moment. How I framed this would shape our relationship, and it had to be presented in a way that looked like a problem with a clear carrot on the other end, so she leaps to solve it instead of me setting the rules.</p>
<p>“You know, it’s not that easy. Those are not just some girls I am dating. We are a very loving and tightly-knit family. By bringing another girl in, I could mess up everything.” Tess nodded from the moment I started laying out the problem, and she patiently waited for me to explain before blurting out her answer.</p>
<p>“I know, and we are all good friends. I love them all like they are my sisters. I know you are a family, and that’s what I want with all my heart. I never met my dad, and my mom remarried twice. The last guy tried to rape me.” Hello? My special beacon for broken women was broadcasting as strong as always.</p>
<p>“But you see, what we don’t show in public is that most of my girls are actually bisexual. How do you think they go on without me for a long time?” Tess laughed, getting beet red on her face. She answered me in almost a husky whisper.</p>
<p>“I am bisexual as well, and all your girlfriends are so beautiful.” Ding, ding, ding. I smiled, rubbing her face with my hand, and she pushed against it, fluttering her eyes and exhaling with a shudder.</p>
<p>“You are a beautiful girl, and I like you a lot. You certainly turn me on, like when I gave you a massage, and you closed your eyes and orgasmed. I had to jump back into the pool to cool off.” Tess actually giggled, looking like a ripe tomato in her face. “The problem is, you see, that as far as sex goes, I am spoiled for choice. I am sure that sex with you would be unforgettable, but then, if I took you away, I would have to find another flight attendant, and where does that end?”</p>
<p>Tess hugged me and kissed my cheek, and I pulled her into my lap, pulling down her towel and liberating her hair, burying my nose in it, and inhaling deeply.</p>
<p>“Mmmm, you smell so good, I could eat you.” Tess cleared her throat. It was hard to concentrate, with her legs looking like plucked chicken. I never saw goosebumps pop up quite like that.</p>
<p>“I don’t want to stop being a flight attendant, Jim. I love travelling, and flying in your plane is an impossible dream. I just want to belong and feel safe. I want to have a future.” Her face changed. She touched something dark inside. I avoided digging deep since Cassie.</p>
<p>“I mean, we could try,” I started, and she perked up. “I would love to have you as one of my girls. You are gorgeous, fun, and smart, not to mention cute.” I rubbed my index finger on her nose, and she wrinkled it.</p>
<p>“I hate my freckles.”</p>
<p>“I love them.” She looked at me like a big kid, and I kissed her nose. She sneezed and giggled.</p>
<p>“See, what I am trying to tell you and failing is that I don’t want to have girls for just sex. I don’t want to be another millionaire playboy who changes his women like tissues.” Tess got it and smiled like she won a prize.</p>
<p>“You misunderstood me, Jim. I want the same. I want to have a family and kids as well.” It wasn’t that hard to guess. Almost all of my girls were pregnant to their teeth. One would have to be blind to miss it. “I know the rules,” Tess said with a mischievous smile. Neneh, the tyrant, insisted there was not a single birth control instrument, not a pill or a condom, anywhere near any of my women.</p>
<p>Tara was desperate to get pregnant. It was her greatest wish and a dream all her life, but for some reason, it hasn’t happened yet despite numerous specialists telling her the same. “Everything is normal; you just haven’t caught it yet.” It was making her feel miserable, and having perfectly healthy women using birth control was just rubbing it into Tara’s face.</p>
<p>Over time, this morphed into a family rule. When the boys came, all the women fell in love with them. Liam and Callum were as much theirs as they were mine, and all my girls bent over backwards to give them the best childhood imaginable while steering them with a firm hand towards growing into men.</p>
<p>“So,” I smiled at her, staring into her eyes, moving my index finger down her nose, across her perfectly formed plump red lips. She opened them, caught my finger with her teeth, and licked it a little suggestively. “You would like me…,” and her luxury lace bra peeled off, exposing her grapefruit-sized breasts to my touch. My finger navigated its way between her breasts and across her navel, ending on the top of her uterus, “…to put my baby inside here?”</p>
<p>“Yes,” she hissed and bit my lip, stuck her tongue in mine, and we kissed like crazy. Her hand went to my cock, which was already hard like a flagpole and squeezed it. “I want to be your bitch. I want you to breed me.” Tess was on fire, and she gasped, feeling my finger find its way into her panties and straight inside her pink hole.</p>
<p>Tess squealed a bit when I lifted her up and giggled like a kid when I threw her on a bed. She bounced and rolled, getting on all fours, using her hands to spread her asscheeks apart, giving me an unrestricted view of her pussy and ass.</p>
<p>“Hmm, which hole to choose,” I joked, and her eyes met mine.</p>
<p>“You can choose any or all. I am yours to fuck.”</p>
<p>Sometimes, I felt greedy this way. I didn’t want to choose, but take all of it instead. I came up behind Tess and smacked my lips against her orifice, pushing my tongue inside to have a first taste of what is mine.</p>
<p>Tess squealed, losing her balance and resting her chest against the linen while she gyrated. I lapped her pussy up like a starved dog does a stick of butter. In and out I went, tasting both holes while Tess’ body trembled. Her squeals came and went between panting like a dog and hissing like a cat. Tess growled like a demon from hell, then she screamed, feeling my cock punch through her asshole.</p>
<p>It messed with my mind. The primal way she responded to my cock made me want to fuck her harder, and she pushed her ass towards me each time. Our bodies slapped against each other, echoing like Tess was getting spanked, but it was just me jackhammering my rigid member into her warm, quivering depths.</p>
<p>I flipped Tess on her back without pulling out, and she took my hand and used it to slap her face before laying it against her neck. No translation is needed. I knew what she wanted, so I slapped her a few times, then pushed my fingers into her mouth while choking her with another hand, all the while pumping into her asshole as if I was trying to hurt her, punish her for something bad.</p>
<p>Tess screamed, and her back arched. Her pussy burst into squirts while I slapped her breasts. She growled, hissed and moaned like the dirtiest slut in a gang bang.</p>
<p>“Harder! Fuck me harder! Slap me harder,” Tess commanded, and I obliged. She went insane, giving in to her darkest side. This wasn’t sex anymore but a brutal exchange of force. I set out to destroy her, and she begged me for more. Until I started to gasp for air.</p>
<p>I felt it deep inside, how my cock hardened, and my balls tightened. I wanted to cum so hard, and the train was on the approach. I snorted and squeezed her neck harder. Tess’ face was purple, and so was mine, and I pumped like a maniac connected to a power line.</p>
<p>“Fuck me, Jim! Cum inside my pussy. Breed me; make me your bitch. Impregnate me. Make me into your cum bucket.” The girl was wild, gasping for air and hissing commands.</p>
<p>I was only too happy to oblige, so I pulled my cock out and changed the hole. I stabbed Tess’ pussy with my cock about to explode, marvelling at her warmth and tightness for only a moment before my body tensed, and I hosed her ovaries with high-pressure sperm, my steaming baby-makers.</p>
<p>Tess joined me in my orgasm, squealing like a pig as she came. It turned me on so much that I remained hard, punching her cervix with my cock. In and out, like a sheath and a sword, I jackhammered Tess, feasting on her nipples. Like some demon from stories of hell, I consumed and devoured the sexy redhead, and she came once, twice, three times until I pulled out and stuffed my cock into her asshole again.</p>
<p>Moments later, I was blasting again, lubricating her bowels with my sperm. She screeched like a witch from Wicked, gushing from her pussy, trembling like she had Parkinson’s disease.</p>
<p>I lost track of time; it must have been hours as it was dark outside. I rolled on my back, gasping for breath, and Tess immediately got between my legs, slurping the juices from my cock and cleaning it with her tongue.</p>
<p>Tess didn’t try to make me hard again; she seemed content with just enjoying the feel of my cock in her mouth. She rubbed it all over with the gentleness of her tongue, sucking on it gently, helping me recover.</p>
<p>It felt so nice and gentle, like being touched by a warm feather, and I closed my eyes, drifting off into the la-la land with the music of life permeating my existence. Time melted away, and I just floated inside in endless pleasure. At one point, I felt like I needed to go to the bathroom, but Tess wouldn’t let me leave.</p>
<p>“Pee inside me,“ she whispered. I was too tired to consider the deeply perverted and humiliating idea she had, so I forced myself not to analyse, just go with the flow and lose myself. I let go of my bladder and had this strange feeling of Tess gulping down my warm urine, even sucking it out when the stream slowed. The girl was fucked up; that much was evident. I enjoyed the feeling, no matter how strange. Morning would bring all the questions and the analyses, so I closed my eyes with my cock in Tess’s mouth, and the world melted away.</p>
<p>My eyes popped open, and my body tensed. Before I realised what was happening, I groaned in pleasure. It was bright outside, but my mind could only process the fantastic throbbing of my cock and my balls squeezing my sperm out. One, two, three massive blasts erupted from my cock into something warm and wet, sucking it out like a vacuum cleaner, and I gasped.</p>
<p>As my vision cleared, I saw red hair and a cute face, plump red lips distorted, wrapped around my cock. Then, my eyes met hers, and I recognised Tess. I passed out last night after a marathon of sex, and my cock was inside her mouth. I was trained by the best, Tara, who was a demanding lover. I could easily cum six times a day after a year of constant training. Still, Tess was on another level, seemingly a cute and innocent girl, barely twenty. She fooled me. Once she got going, the woman was relentless. She could fuck, suck, and fuck again like she breathed.</p>
<p>I heard stories about such women, and I thought they were just tales, but I met one, and she was my stewardess, hiding a hardcore nymphomaniac inside. Tess was insatiable. Every time she came, it just pushed her up a little and made her demand rougher treatment. When I pumped her with sperm, it was like giving her fuel. She wanted more and more like a Duracell bunny high on speed and coke plugged into an electrical socket without a transformer.</p>
<p>By the time I got out of my shower, the girls were raring to go, and the boys already had their breakfast. They looked at me with mischievous smiles. It would be impossible to hide what Tess and I were up to till the early hours of the day when I finally had to throw in the towel and tell her to stop, or I’d end up injured. Tess refused to come up for a cuddle, preferring to stay the way she was and fall asleep with my cock in her mouth.</p>
<p>“Who wants to go for a walk and check out the neighbourhood?“ Everyone agreed, so I put on my clothes, and we took the elevator to the ground floor, where I asked the concierge to send the crew up to clean my apartment. I inherited a weekly cleanup service; whether I was there or not, they would come and dust the place, air it, and keep the living space perfect.</p>
<p>I walked around town with four beauties, arm in arm, and my two boys right in front of us. Cassie and Shay leaned on me for support while Erin and Tess helped their balance. One of the good and bad things about being pregnant is that you get to buy new clothes every four weeks as the body goes through the change. I led the girls to a street with a bunch of boutiques and let them go at it with my credit card while I sat down in a cafe with Liam and Callum and sipped my sorely needed cup of coffee while they ate their ice cream. My balls hurt since last night. That little minx Tess put me through paces. It made me wonder how someone so oversexed managed to keep herself isolated.</p>
<p>Our plane schedule was crazy, with flights almost every day. The two pilots I hired begged me to get them a standby replacement, as they sorely needed a long holiday. It got a bit better since my pull back from New York, and I planned a big holiday for everyone after the flight to Dubai. I even paid them extra bonuses for being so understanding and taking it like troopers. I paid well, and they took the pressure, knowing that there was no way to make this money elsewhere.</p>
<p>That was my ultimate secret. I gave my people excellent salaries and made them a part of the bigger picture. There is always an inherent “us and them“ when employing someone, but I worked hard to narrow that divide and made my employees understand that it’s just a gap, not a chasm. That’s why Tess ultimately decided to step over.</p>
<p>I always knew something like this was inevitable, so I prepared for it, even encouraged it like the night before when I pulled the two stewardesses naked into the water, then rubbed their bodies with sunscreen and made them orgasm. Tess was obviously the more impressionable one, and I made her feel she could cross the divide, so she stepped across, and I set the strict frame, which others would use as a precedent and a test case.</p>
<p>The girls came out of the shops wearing brand-new clothes. Behind them, two clerks followed, ambling with bags and packages. It almost made me laugh. The girls made it to the cafe and sat down while I tipped the clerks to deliver everything to the apartment.</p>
<p>“I have to pee,“ Cassie said as soon as she sat down. Tess immediately offered to take her inside. I ordered the cake and fresh juice for everyone. Shay and Erin were telling me about their Monaco shopping experience. Minutes later, Cassie emerged. The two ladies were conspiring something. As soon as they saw me watching them, they stopped talking and made innocent faces. It was like living with children, and I just had to chuckle. There was no doubt in my mind that all four knew the details of what happened last night.</p>
<p>We finished the drinks and moved away to look around town and do some more damage to my bottom line while admiring the city and its people, the views, and how nice everything looked. Monaco was the playground for the richest, with beautiful cars, gorgeous women, and their men wearing expensive clothes. All of them studied us as we walked around. Even in Monaco, you don’t see a man walking arm in arm with four women, some of whom have literally appeared on billboards and in fashion magazines.</p>
<p>Around lunchtime, the boys were tired, and I worked up an appetite, so I stopped two cabs to get us to the docks. The strollers noticed us walking to the long pier and boarding the most luxurious superyacht.</p>
<p>The captain stood at the ready and greeted us professionally. The first mate extended his greetings from a safe distance while Gaspard came running to greet us as friends, bringing two homemade ice creams to the boys and taking them with him to put them to bed. The dozen girls in skimpy sailor outfits were smiling. It was the first time I saw them in real life, and they exceeded my expectations as far as their looks were concerned. All of them were about five-foot-ten, slim with long legs and symmetrical faces. It didn’t take a genius to figure out the core criteria on which they were selected, so they played it up.</p>
<p>It didn’t take much to imagine all of them out of their clothes. Those outfits they wore looked like they were painted on them, with the absolute bare minimum of decency that made the difference between a real uniform and the one you could buy in a sex shop.</p>
<p>“Would you mind if I addressed the crew directly?“ I asked the captain, and he puffed up, graciously allowing me to do that. We had to stick to some level of formality to not erode the captain’s authority. I approached everyone and shook their hands, expressing how pleased I was to see all of them.</p>
<p>Gaspard disappeared back into the kitchen while the crew surrounded my girls. There was some instant electricity between them, and minutes later, they talked to each other like they all went to the same kindergarten.</p>
<p>Everyone had their own jobs, so the captain went up to his office. Two of the cooks ran in to join Gaspard. I followed the first mate while my girls followed the others. We took different paths through the ship. I wanted to start with the engine. The two engineer girls were already there. Their job was to deal with the little things. Nobody could fix the engine. If it failed somewhere, we would have to get towed. The damn thing was so vast and complicated that it could only be maintained in a shipyard by specialist tools and personnel.</p>
<p>I went around deck by deck, and I gasped. When I bought the ship, I got all the papers, pictures, videos, and documents. I sent a specialist crew to examine it bolt by bolt, and it got a clean bill of health. It was brand new, never sailed, and no corners were cut anywhere. The ship was the crown jewel of the oceans. I remembered seeing it in the specs somewhere, and I couldn’t help but stare.</p>
<p>The ship had a large pool inside with spas, steam rooms, showers, massage rooms, and all the bells and whistles one could imagine except a gym, and I thought to myself, this was something I had to fix. I lost track of the rooms and where I was going left and right. There was enough room for at least three times the crew and a dozen luxurious bedrooms with all amenities. There were conference rooms, movie rooms, this room, that room, and more pools and hot spas than I could count.</p>
<p>It took my breath away, especially when we got outside and ended at the back with a massive round, bubbly hot spa, big enough for at least fifty people, surrounded by sitting areas and bars and all sorts of other amenities. It became glaringly apparent that I was wrong to hire only fifteen people. Who would tend those bars? Who would serve the drinks? In the end, who would fly the helicopter in front? It would take a crew of at least fifty people to keep the ship going in shifts around the clock.</p>
<p>The captain said twelve people, and he was right. Twelve was enough to sail it and keep it clean and ordered, but it would take many more to keep it functional and at its peak. I couldn’t expect the staff to work day and night without breaks, so I would have to run multiple shifts and rotate the employees to get enough sleep. I was right when I thought I needed a ship manager, but being there, I realised she would need an assistant as well.</p>
<p>By my quick estimate, the ship could accommodate twenty to thirty overnight guests, depending on how many shared the beds, but if I wanted to organise parties, the ship could comfortably sail with about a hundred guests, which, with a staff of fifty, left only about fifteen people per shift. Of course, you won’t run a bar for breakfast, but you might run breakfast outside. I was getting a headache just going through possible permutations of the place. The ratio of fifty staff to a hundred guests seemed about right to me, basing it purely on the hotels I visited. I knew some five-star hotels have a one-to-one rate, but this wasn’t feasible.</p>
<p>Of course, the ship would only be so full during special events and parties, but what do we do then? Should I hire temporary staff and fire them? I had very specific criteria for all the staff members, and getting them for just a few months a year was a waste, so I either bit the bullet and gave the off-duty staff a fantastic holiday cruise or I never got great service.</p>
<p>My mind swirled, calculating in hyper speed, defining variables, and setting rules. Most problems could be modelled using polynomial equations, and this one was a worthy challenge. If I modelled the variables in a multidimensional matrix, I could use a weighted graph to come to the most optimal solution to the problem. Then, I could apply an algorithm to the result. In essence, this wasn’t much different from the travelling salesman problem aptly described in the first volume of Donald Knuth’s four-part trilogy on the art of computer programming, also referred to as “the bible” by uber-geeks like me.</p>
<p>Shay to the rescue! She came to pull me to the dining room and save me from my brain. I was stuck in my mind, going off on a tangent where every problem was a challenge I just had to solve. That’s how you develop a compulsive obsessive disorder. I had it since the early days when the school psychologist diagnosed me with mild Asperger’s tendencies, which meant “on the spectrum” now using the politically correct newspeak espoused by the British Central Comintern. That, too, changed its name. When I was growing up, we used to call it “the parliament.”</p>
<p>Everyone stood up from the long table as I walked in. I was about to tell them it wasn’t necessary but stopped myself. I liked the gesture as a show of respect. After all, I owned this ship and paid all their salaries. Without me, none of this would be here, and perhaps I did deserve the honour they were showing me.</p>
<p>I sat down at the head of the table with Liam and Callum on my sides and the captain at the other end. Everyone quieted as I tapped the glass and waited for me to make a speech.</p>
<p>“I want to thank you all for welcoming us so graciously and making this dream possible. Each one of you is an important member of this team, and I want you to know that my doors are always open. I want to hear your thoughts, ideas, and suggestions, so don’t be shy to present them. Remember one thing, the captain is your boss, and I am just another passenger, so treat me like that, relax, and enjoy the adventure. Bonne chance! Bon voyage!“ I raised my glass, and others followed. Then, the food arrived, carried by the chef and his two assistants. Immediately, I saw the problem, and so did the girls, and everyone helped.</p>
<p>The food was exquisite, and everyone lauded the chef and the kitchen team. The girls were so grateful for making the food rule yesterday. It was another great perk of the job. Gaspard only asked everyone to tell him if they would skip a meal or if they had different dietary requirements. The girls would eat anything, and I made sure of that when hiring them. I didn’t want any vegan psychopaths on my ship, nor did I want radical feminists or woke terrorists. I made it clear from the beginning that such behaviour would not be tolerated. One excess and they will be quarantined and unloaded without pay at the nearest port.</p>
<p>Early this morning, Gaspard prepared a cheese omelette on lard with bacon and steak, as well as the baked beans he soaked overnight. The girls loved it so much that he promised them to increase the portion sizes for the next day.</p>
<p>For lunch, we had stuffed pintade with honey-roasted vegetables, cream soup, cucumber and beetroot salad with finely sliced cabbage, crepes with crushed walnuts, honey, and cinnamon and a serving of homemade ice cream.</p>
<p>In the end, the captain and the first mate excused themselves. I sat on a sofa in the main living room while all the girls sat around in a circle. Calum and Liam were sitting at my side, playing with some toys Cassie bought for them. It started slow, but soon enough, they bombarded me with thanks, trying to say something useful and making intense eye contact. They were all gorgeous, but they weren’t blind. Despite being pregnant, Cassie and Shay were of different ranks, and the two held on to me like two doves in love.</p>
<p>“We will be departing tomorrow afternoon,“ I said, laying out the plan I sent to the captain yesterday. “I want you to help Gaspard stock up the ship with everything until we get to where we’re going.“ All the girls promised. Some even saluted with a smile. Liam and Callum were getting restless, so we said our goodbyes.</p>
<p>On the way back, a bunch of people stared at us. I even saw a few secretly taking photographs of us. I guessed everyone was interested in who we were. It took us only twenty minutes to get back to our place. I could actually see it from the harbour and smiled. I couldn’t have gotten a better place to live.</p>
<p>Cassie and Shay were exhausted. I made them a bath and let them soak for a while, then I spent an hour massaging them and another thirty minutes giving them a foot massage. When I lay between them, my two lovely angels hugged me from each side, telling me how much they loved me. I loved them just as much. They were the loves of my life. I loved all my girls in my own way. They were all unique and precious to me. I always wanted to have a big family.</p>

</body>
</html>
