<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 48 - Something good</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 48 - Something good</h2>
<p>I woke up early the following day with the two mommies entangled with me. I loved waking up this way, surrounded by love and my unborn children. Careful not to wake them, I snuck out and stirred my boys, dressed them up and took them for a walk, and bought some fresh bagels so we could make sandwiches together. I loved being a family man, and I couldn’t wait to meet my other children.</p>
<p>We had a rule to count them only once they were born and named, so I made myself not to think about that. I only knew that there were many since most of my women were pregnant and ready to be mommies.</p>
<p>“I have to go on a trip, my lovelies, but I will see you home in less than a week again.” Liam and Callum nodded. They knew how the world worked, and they felt loved and safe with their aunties. Soon enough, they will be too big to call them my lovelies.</p>
<p>The girls were already up, drinking their coffee when I got back, so I made them some breakfast. Liam and Callum love omelettes with bacon and cheese, so I got straight to it to feed my women and children.</p>
<p>“We’ll miss you,” Cassie said, hugging me tight after breakfast. They were taking a plane back to Dubai with Erin while I was taking the ship with Tess. She would help me interview two more stewardesses. Just like the ship, the aeroplane staff should be rotated. I made a provisional agreement with Lufthansa to lend me their pilots when I needed them so I could give mine some rest without grounding the plane for a month at a time. I thought about everything and came to the conclusion that I had to keep mobile. I couldn’t bring everything to a halt for the sake of two people.</p>
<p>The girls packed up, and I kissed them all and hugged my boys. A people carrier came to pick them up, leaving Tess with me to close the place and lock up. We took a stroll downhill after sending the cab with our luggage. I wanted to experience Monte Carlo some more. After all, this place became my home.</p>
<p>I made the Dubai villa my home away from home. Dubai was where my offices were, and all the IT engineers were there. It was my base of operation, but I refused to call it home. The girls loved it, of course, and it was where they wanted to live, but for some reason, just like Cassie and Shay, I felt best in Monte Carlo and decided I would live in Monaco, at least on paper. That’s why my ship was registered there, flying the Monaco flag. I even signed up my boys for French classes, and I started learning the language. It was utterly unnecessary, but it made me feel like I belonged there.</p>
<p>About an hour later, just before lunchtime, Tess and I made it to the docks and worked up an appetite. We boarded the ship, and the sailors conducted all the necessary checks. Then, the captain gave the signal, and the first mate took us out. He even let me blow the horn, which made me feel like a kid again.</p>
<p>Gaspard called for lunch, and the captain excused himself, preferring to have his meal in his cabin, keeping track of everything. I was loving every moment of it, looking out as Belle cut through the waves. It felt like she glided on top of the sea without any strange movements. At that very moment, it really sank in. I owned this great ship.</p>
<p>All the girls joined me at the table where we chatted and ate, then one by one, made their way back to their numerous duties. A lot of them were on a cleaning roster. The captain was a stickler for cleanliness. He would go around with his white glove and berate everyone if he found a single spot of dust anywhere. The man was strict and demanding but also fair. He didn’t show any favouritism to anyone and always impartially resolved any disputes. The captain was a benevolent dictator of this beautiful vessel. His entire demeanour demanded obedience and respect. I was happy with my choice, knowing that my ship was managed by a firm and steady hand like that.</p>
<p>“Where is the main bedroom?“ I asked one of the girls, and she immediately dropped what she was doing, leading me through the corridors and explaining how to get there. I had been there once before, but I had lost my way in the maze of hallways.</p>
<p>The master bedroom looked stunning, with an ocean view on three sides and a luxurious custom-made king-size bed with expensive leather furnishings and soft, lush carpets. The ensuite bathroom was legendary, crafted with glass, white porcelain, and chrome fittings. It included both a shower and a massive self-standing bathtub that could comfortably fit three people, perhaps even four, inside. All of it had a state-of-the-art digital temperature and jet controls. I fell in love with the bedroom at first sight and made it mine.</p>
<p>Nobody had ever slept in the bed or taken a shower or bath there. The entire room had a faint new furniture smell, and the linen was never used. It was pristine and untouched.</p>
<p>“Oh, god!” Tess sighed. I was so awed that I forgot she was there. She must have not seen this room before, and her eyes were like saucers. She had to look into every nook and cranny, inspect everything in disbelief.</p>
<p>“How rich are you?” Tess looked at me in awe. It finally sank in for her as well that this wasn’t some sort of an amusement ride, but I actually owned all this and employed all of those people for my own entertainment. I laughed and rustled her red hair with my hand, pinching her cheek with my knuckles.</p>
<p>Come on. Let’s get dressed into something comfortable,” I said and opened my suitcase. The sailor girls picked it up from the taxi and carried it into my room when I boarded. I put on my black shorts and loose white T-shirt and took my phone. This was all I wanted to wear or carry, intent on going around the ship barefoot and enjoying my time as if it were a holiday.</p>
<p>When I turned around, I saw Tess was naked. She shrugged, holding a bikini in each hand. One was yellow, the other one was white; one was perverse, and the other one was obscene. She must have got them the day before when the girls went shopping. I told her about the boat trip, and she prepared for it.</p>
<p>Tess gave me a wicked smile, looking at my face. I thought, fuck it. We’re not on a public beach, and the staff would have to get used to it sooner or later. I picked the yellow one, and it stood out brightly, barely covering anything on Tess’s body. In fact, she looked more naked than if she wore nothing, and I had to admit, I liked the swimsuit now that she wore it. Tess looked incredibly sexy in it, with lovely yellow strings on the sides. One pull on each, and her bikini would float away.</p>
<p>The only negative aspect of hiring women with a fashion model figure, tall and slim, was that they often lacked large breasts. This did not detract from their natural beauty or make me appreciate them any less. It was just that I found myself drawn to women with fuller breasts. I found tall, slim bodies with long legs and a narrow waist, combined with large breasts, incredibly appealing and sexually attractive.</p>
<p>Both Cassie and Shay were precisely that type: tall, slim, and highly feminine, with gorgeous full breasts that I loved to knead. They always giggled a little when I would pay attention to their sizeable mammaries, especially now that they had gotten even bigger. It was something I couldn’t control or wanted to change. I liked what I liked, but it didn’t stop me from enjoying women with other body types.</p>
<p>“What are you looking at?” Tess asked with some sass.</p>
<p>“I was just wondering how you would look with bigger breasts.“ Her eyes popped open, big like saucers.</p>
<p>“I don’t like mine much. I think they are too small.” I thought Tess’ grapefruit-sized breasts were perfectly shaped, but she was right. From a purely aesthetic perspective, having fuller breasts would make her look much more feminine for her height and body type. I shrugged and waved it away, pulling her hand.</p>
<p>Come on, let’s sit on the back deck.“ That’s where the large round hot spa resided with a circular sitting lounge and a bar. Tess giggled down the stairs, slipping on the carpet once until she climbed onto my back, and I carried her onto the deck.</p>
<p>When I arrived at the enormous circular hot tub, I cautiously climbed in, attempting to maintain my balance until both of us were comfortably settled inside. I discovered the control panel situated outside, set the jet speed and temperature, pressed the large button, and the pool began to bubble. Minutes later, one of the sailor girls came over, acting as a waitress, and asked us what we wanted to drink.</p>
<p>“Please bring us two Gaspard Fresh cocktails.“ She had never heard of it. “Don’t worry, the chef knows what it is.“ The girl left and came back after fifteen minutes with two tall glasses full of colourful liquid and the edges covered in coconut shavings. I took a sip through a straw and smiled, tasting the rum. Gaspard listened to my suggestions and made a perfect new cocktail.</p>
<p>I noticed the girl was still standing above, so I lifted my glass and offered her a sip. “Wanna try?“ The girl squatted down and took a small gulp, then smiled.</p>
<p>“I love it. This is excellent.“</p>
<p>“Go tell the chef that. He’ll be glad to hear it.” The girl thanked me and walked straight back towards the kitchen. I rested my head against the waterproof faux leather headrest and floated in bubbly water. Tess couldn’t stay still in one place and floated from side to side, trying to find the best place for bubbles.</p>
<p>At one moment, I heard Tess curse something, then saw a crumpled-up yellow bikini piece flying through the air, landing on the deck outside. Tess’ face looked finally satisfied as she floated in one place, enjoying the bubbles. Who cared anyway? If Tess wanted to bathe naked, god bless her. I preferred her in her birthday suit anyway. It wasn’t as appetising as unwrapping a present, but there were other things to enjoy when bathing with a naked woman.</p>
<p>The captain took us into Italian waters by Corsica through the Tyrrhenian Sea towards Sicily. The plan was to turn towards Malta and across the Ionian Sea into the Adriatic. As the sailor girls finished their duties, they rolled off the shift and came to sit beside us.</p>
<p>“Why don’t you join us inside?“ I asked the girl who brought us the drinks earlier.</p>
<p>“We are not allowed.“</p>
<p>“Who said that?“ I didn’t make such a rule.</p>
<p>“The captain said that we couldn’t use the guest facilities.” I had to talk with the man and make him relax a bit. This wasn’t an army vessel or a cruiser; there were no passengers to upset. I knew why he did that; it’s what he learned, but I wanted my crew members to enjoy themselves and see this ship as more than just their workplace.</p>
<p>“Come on in. I’ll talk to the captain later.” She hesitated for a few seconds, then giggled, shed off her clothes and jumped into the pool, wearing her underwear. “Hey! What do you think you’re doing? This is a nude spa?” The girl looked at me like she did something terrible but caught my lecherous grin and quickly realised that I was just teasing her.</p>
<p>“But you are wearing clothes,“ she tried to justify her thought process.</p>
<p>“You’re absolutely right,” I said, reaching below water to pull off my shorts and throw them on the pile. We needed a set of white bath robes and towels, I thought and made a mental note, watching the girl reach down and add her underwear to the top of the pile, never for a second losing contact with my eyes. If I wanted to flirt, she was obviously game.</p>
<p>I turned to another girl and asked her to bring everyone a round of cocktails. She ran like the wind and returned a few moments later, carrying a tray with tall glasses. I raised my voice so everyone could hear me, telling the girls to get their drinks and join us inside. All of them jumped at this and shed their clothes like autumn leaves, picked up their glasses and joined us inside the bubbling water.</p>
<p>This looked much better. I was enjoying myself inside a hot spa with five naked women. None of them seemed to have minded the nudity. The bubbles protected everyone’s modesty. I thought about that and all the changes I wanted to implement.</p>
<p>“I will speak with the captain later, but I want you to know that after your shift has ended, you can use all the facilities. Keep in mind that all the pools, baths and sun beds are to be used without clothes.” The girls nodded and smiled. Not a single one of them protested. They were all young and gorgeous in their early twenties, and there was only one man to worry about anyway, the same guy for whom they all had bedroom eyes.</p>
<p>Tess floated slowly towards me and nestled into my lap. The sailor girls chatted with her about this and that while I sipped my cocktail and enjoyed myself. When I finished, I closed my eyes and rested, feeling all the accumulated stress from the last six months released from my system. It would take weeks or even months to fully recover, but the nightmare was over, and I was a free man living the dream of my own design.</p>
<p>With billions of dollars of liquid assets, even the most conservative plans would bring me more money than I could ever spend. I was planning to put a lot of it into a portfolio of tourism and real estate mixed with riskier, more exotic investments.</p>
<p>My thoughts jumped from one theme to another as I relaxed and enjoyed the bubbles. At one point, I caught a word and a sentence that pierced my ears and grabbed my attention. The sailor girls were asking Tess about her life as a stewardess, obliquely nudging her to share my story and how she got to be with the most beautiful women the girls had seen. They asked Tess if she was one of them, and she confirmed, noting it was a recent development.</p>
<p>The girls talked about my life, my kids, and my lifestyle, including what I did, where I lived, and similar topics. Tess must have thought I was asleep, and she shared everything with them. The girls were naturally curious about their eccentric employer. As the girls started to feel more comfortable, the questions they asked became more direct until they learned about all my women and children. Tess also told them the rules she had learned the previous night about keeping her job, being useful and productive, and topping it all with getting pregnant.</p>
<p>Tess made it sound like the girls would receive my love once they gave me a child. Once that happened, they would become my family, and all doors would be open to them. They would lead a charmed life. It wasn’t about the money; it was about the lifestyle. Tess went into detail about my luxurious Monaco apartment. The girls looked at her as if she were telling fairy tales to children. She made the girls understand that, for the right person, there were endless opportunities, emphasising the most important of all—being part of a large family, a tribe where people love and take care of each other.</p>
<p>I yawned and stretched for effect, and the girls instantly changed the subject. The evening came, and I floated to the other side to watch the sunset. All of them joined me in this one magnificent moment. The sun came down and painted the water with red and orange, creating something magical. It made me feel so grateful and small, thankful for my life, not for the money and wealth but for all the love and friendships I made.</p>
<p>This was the true treasure of life, right in front of me, laid in front of my feet if only I bothered to look and understand. The light breeze came from the side, carrying with it the fine droplets of salty water as the powerful ship engines hummed. What could be more to life than this? And, for the first time, I felt true detachment. It was the feeling so intensely liberating. Life was enough, and all the riches and power of the world couldn’t give me the same sunset again. It was a humbling thought that made me feel so small but connected right in the moment.</p>
<p>The ship burst into light like a Christmas tree, setting the almost romantic mood. The only thing missing were the soft piano notes. It was another item to add to the list—the DJ, the pianist, and the rest of the entertainment. The equation had just become a little bigger.</p>
<p>Gaspard gave thirty minutes warning for dinner, so I got out of the water, looking all pruney and wrinkled everywhere except one place. Tess had been absentmindedly playing with my genitals below water, keeping my cock cocked, ready to shoot at a moment’s notice.</p>
<p>The girls giggled as they saw me exiting the cabin with my erect cock bobbing in front of me. They had all spent at least a week on the ship without even a vibrator for release. They were eager and primed for action. “What happens at sea is nobody’s business.“ I thought to myself as I offered my hand to Tess to help her out. The other girls immediately extended their arms, making me chuckle. I didn’t bother going through the pile to get my clothes; we needed someone to operate the laundry service.</p>
<p>Wherever I looked, I saw something missing. How did the captain think the twelve could handle all this? Then, I remembered what they teach at Carnegie Mellon University—views and viewpoints. His job was to take us safely from that place to this and ensure compliance with the rules. He was the lawmaker, judge, and executioner, the final arbiter of what happened on the water and the tyrant of the ocean. I should have seen that and compartmentalised, but I’ve never sailed before and missed everything.</p>
<p>Everyone went their separate ways to shower and change, and just as we were sitting down to dinner, the captain sent his apologies and requested a takeaway. He was now on duty, keeping watch over the water. I had a lucky break with the man despite being warned that he could be difficult. While I didn’t need a friend as my captain, I did require someone knowledgeable and responsible to ensure everyone’s safety and well-being. At that moment, I realised that I made a good choice.</p>
<p>It was late when we finished our food and drinks and went to bed. I noticed the jealous look in some sailor girls‘ eyes, watching Tess hold my hand as I led her upstairs. There was no doubt in anyone’s mind that Tess would get the fucking of her life, and some of the sailor girls were so turned on after our swim that they were practically eye fucking me all the time.</p>
<p>I knew it wasn’t fair, and I created this situation on purpose. It would be easy to say, “Dan made me do it,“ but I would be false. Dan only participated in my decision-making. He gave me the talk and explained the core principles, promising to expound on it the next time we met before he gave me a new set of assignments and things to practice.</p>
<p>Sometimes, I thought about what more there was to learn from him. After all, I surpassed even the most prolific men, except perhaps Hugh Hefner, who became a kind of my idol in all that. I didn’t aspire to be like him or admire his life, but I was in awe of what he created. The man had a clear vision of the life he wanted and made it without apologising to anyone. I wanted to mimic Heff, not because I was hungry for attention or wanted more women, but because he inspired me to keep true to myself. I had more than enough cash to afford such a lifestyle.</p>
<p>My birthday was approaching, and I would be turning forty-three. If I lived to eighty, that would mean just forty years, less than fifteen thousand days, and I intended to make each of them count. My entire plan, the entire enterprise, was designed to serve that singular inspiration.</p>
<p>As much as I learned from Dan, I learned from reading the books Jack recommended. A common theme through all of them was what it means to be a man and how to live one’s life like in “Ted,“ which had an uncanny resemblance to my own life.</p>
<p>“Live in the moment, life without regrets.” That’s what I learned, apart from how to be a man. “Carpe diem, seize the day.” I wanted to live each day in wonder, like it was the last one, because one day it would be, and all this would be gone. I wanted to look back at my past at the very last moment of my life, close my eyes and pass away with a smile to maybe another grand adventure. The purpose of life is to live it, not to be locked in the system that benefits the crooked and the obscene.</p>
<p>I became a wealthy person as well who relied on others to work and slave for me at least eight hours a day to make me even richer. There was no middle ground. You either win or lose, and I shed that past like an old snake skin. Perhaps that’s why most of my sailor girls looked at me in such a way. It wasn’t the large salary I paid them or the shallow thoughts of getting a wealthy man and receiving gifts and material possessions in exchange for all the arm candy and sex. It was much deeper and far more meaningful than that. They wanted to live the life I had and be part of something extraordinary. At the end of it, when I thought about it, all of us wanted the same thing. We say we don’t, but it’s just a lie. At the end of the day, we all want to live a good life, love, and be loved.</p>
<p>If someone offered me a trillion dollars to be the wealthiest man in the world, but I could never have an intimate relationship with another person again, no love, no kisses, no cuddles, no holding hands, and definitely no sex or children, would I take it? All our life plans and personal philosophies come to this, the simplest equation of all. No money in the world and no riches would be enough for someone to agree to this.</p>
<p>There it was, in a nutshell, the entire philosophy of human nature. All of us know what is truly important. Still, we delude ourselves with silly little games, get good jobs, chase promotions, and accumulate material possessions. Get a nice house, get married; it was all a scam. Someone, somewhere, decided this was “the way“ to get to what we truly desired, to confuse us all and keep us docile, then use our hands and brains, our ingenuity and brilliance, to further his own agenda and increase his personal riches.</p>
<p>The idiots around the world couldn’t see this trap. Look at the pissed-off feminists now insisting that a woman with a dick is a woman, and they belittle the lesbians for not wishing to suck another woman’s cock. All of it got so fucked up. Everyone shrugs when you ask them why. “It is a complex issue.“ We have a right to identify how we feel. Gender has nothing to do with biology. Abortion is a valid form of birth control“ Rah-rah-rah, bullshit and crap. Behind their precious feminist movement was a rich man rubbing his hands with a smile.</p>
<p>If men had all the power, why relinquish it? Because the population was growing uncontrollably. The workers were happy, and they were making babies. How do you slow the population growth and grow the business without creating a shortage of the workforce? Simple, send those lazy bitches into factories, keep the wages down, rinse and repeat. Convince everyone that coal is white, inject them with sixteen flu vaccines and make them wear masks, take away their rights to gather lest they start a protest, and police the means of communication, then send cops to their homes to “check their thinking“ when they repost something off the cuff on Twitter. Brainwash a bunch of retarded idiots, give them a platform to spew their vitriol, and don’t forget to kneel for a minute to virtue signal your support for the organisation that stole all the donations.</p>
<p>Don’t forget to hang enough rainbow flags on lamp posts and streets and inside shop windows, stock the primary school library with all the colouring books depicting gay sex and don’t forget to threaten the parents with criminal charges if they don’t put their kids on puberty blockers because they were confused. Hell, I was confused in my forties with all the propaganda and contradictory nonsense. Who knows, maybe I was secretly gay. I’m sure some gender studies professor somewhere who identified as a woman but couldn’t explain what a woman was without saying “an adult human female“ would say that I was overcompensating due to my own internalised conflict, oppressing my inner woman inside. “Here’s a primary school book that you missed, Jim. It will explain why you should have sex with the other men to feel liberated.“</p>
<p>I showed all this a finger. The motherfuckers messed with my children. If my sons were gay or they suffered a mental illness where they believed they were women, I would be a failure of a father to not notice that. What the cunts did instead, they normalised that kind of thinking, brainwashing my wife and confusing my children by exposing them to explicit materials, staffing the schools with propagandists and radical ideologue perverts, encouraging children to identify as minorities and victims.</p>
<p>They reduced the role of a father to the title of a glorified sperm donor with no rights or a say in anything relating to children’s development. Even in Hollywood, when you watch those stupid talk shows, notice how a white actress celebrates when her DNA test reveals that she is fifteen per cent some other race, so she could also play the minority card and claim she was oppressed when riding around town in her brand new Rolls Royce.</p>
<p>The West was exporting division and hate through radical sex and gender ideology, and it infected my children. I will never forgive this as long as I live, and I will hold a grudge until the day I die. I would spend millions supporting the opposition, and I would live in my own sheltered environment to keep my children safe from the perverts in government.</p>
<p>At heart, I was a liberal. If you want to feel like a pony and have sex with a horse, go ahead, but don’t expect me to participate in your sexual fantasy, and don’t you dare teach such things to my children. They are my responsibility, and until they are of legal age to know better, I will be responsible for educating them and teaching them values that I believe are correct for their psychological and physical development. That, and providing for them and keeping them safe, loving them with all my heart, is the job of a dad, and anyone who threatens that is going to get fucked.</p>
<p>We all had different values, and I respected that. The place where I was born and loved became infected with a “woke virus,“ a more deadly strain than corona that took years to manifest but was equally virulent. This only exposed the power of the media companies‘ grip over the populace.</p>
<p>Of course, it was easy to brainwash people into believing all sorts of nonsense. For years, they systematically eroded our values, demeaned manhood, and broke up our families, creating the Prozac generation. When you have kids as old as ten dependent on mood stabilisers just to be able to function and half of a class diagnosed with ADHD, addicted to their phones, sexting each other, performing blowjobs for a dollar in high school toilets just to be popular and gain followers, it means that we, as a society, should slam on the brakes, stop, and rethink the way we are going before it’s too late.</p>
<p>In my mind, it was already too late. I saw enough red flags, and I panicked. It was the love for my kids that gave me strength to fight, evolve, change my life and create a world for them where they would be loved and safe. I knew many wouldn’t agree with me, even openly criticise. It used to matter what others thought of me in some other story, in some other life, but not anymore. I was bitter and angry inside, a mere step from bursting into violence, but I channelled that energy into something productive, and here I was, dining on a super yacht with my gorgeous employees, far from the perverts.</p>
<p>I was creating a world that I wanted to live in, an invite-only, purpose-engineered private society that functioned outside the confines of the so-called real world. I made all the rules, supported by my women, who were fiercely loyal to me, precisely because they saw the big picture and what I was trying to build and wanted to help.</p>
<p>This was the main reason why I bought the ship. A few miles out, we were in the hands of the captain. I made the rules, and he was the law. There was no mainstream network news on the ship, and all the news companies were blocked through the internet. Netflix was blocked as well, including hundreds of other channels containing content that I found inappropriate, like the film “Cuties.” I bought a small Californian company that had the technology, fired everyone and kept the intellectual property, then tasked my developers to make me an ultimate content firewall. We licensed it to some government clients who paid us enough to keep an offshore team busy, making it better.</p>
<p>The sound of Tess’s voice jolted me from my inner monologue. I’ve been spacing out a lot lately due to the side effects of six months of stress. It was all coming out, and I was venting inside, going through all the negative emotions and letting them play out and dissipate. It was a part of my process of releasing stress. The worse I felt, the more closed off I became. I was a classical introvert.</p>
<p>While I mused about life, Tess ran us a nice bath with bubbles and called me in with a smile, curling her finger and waving her tail at me giggling.</p>
<p>“If you want this piece of ass, you better come and get it.” Now, how could I ever refuse an invite like this? She was the first of the second generation of my women, and I could see the difference. Tess spent a year adjacent to the system, taking care of me and my girls, watching them from up close, learning from them, getting sucked into our lifestyle.</p>
<p>“I don’t need the skill anymore,“ I told Dan the last time we met, but he was right; it wasn’t the skill but the identity that mattered. The so-called skill he taught me was just a crutch, a sort of positive enforcement mechanism to bring out the real me.</p>
<p>There are plenty of wealthy shisters around, flaunting their cash, calling themselves the top dogs. If you look at their women, they are all hookers who would dump them in a heartbeat as soon as someone richer came along. Dan was right about those pompous, obnoxious losers. They had a creepy vibe about them. If you saw them in a bar, you would steer clear of them. Dan showed me videos of some of them, and I couldn’t help but cringe. I spent hours watching those creeps just to make sure I had a good understanding of what not to do and as a prime example of how not to behave. Take away all their cash, and they wouldn’t be able to get laid. That was the dipstick to measure the dipshit.</p>
<p>Tess smiled at me as I entered the bath, sighing in pleasure and resting my back against the other side. I could see it in her eyes; Tess didn’t give a fuck about the money I had. She wanted to feel like all my girls felt and be a part of something bigger, enjoying my lifestyle, but more than anything, she liked me. I had my swagger, the way I spoke and acted. All of this, to the last bit, was learned behaviour. No man is born like this; we learn it by being presented with a good example.</p>
<p>This was the core that brought everything together. None of this wealth or lifestyle would be possible without it. If I were just some guy with more money than brains, I couldn’t have the same kind of success. I chose the women in my life, but they chose me as well. I learned to project that inner power and strength in a congruent, well-balanced manner.</p>
<p>Tess took my foot and massaged it a bit, then made a wicked smile and licked it. I jumped; it tickled. She took my other foot and looked me straight in the eyes before sucking my big toe into her mouth and massaging it with her tongue.</p>
<p>“Piss on me,“ she said as the warm water spray bounced against our skin inside a luxurious shower. Tess was a weird creature with some hardcore fantasies. It surprised me at first, but I would be a liar if I said it didn’t arouse me to no end. I didn’t even want to think about the psychology of why this happened.</p>
<p>Tess knelt in front of me, and I let go of the stream all over her face. Her entire body broke out in goosebumps. Tess opened her mouth, trying to swallow all that while furiously rubbing her pussy with her fingers. She was a dirty no-limits slut, and I loved her for that.</p>
<p>Immediately, as I finished, Tess buried her face between my legs, licking my asshole, trying to swallow my balls, moaning like a pervert. Tess liked it hard and rough. I wrapped her fiery hair around my hand and dragged her naked to the bed. It was time to christen it.</p>
<p>“Rape me,“ Tess begged, feeding her imagination. She admitted to me once that it was one of her most explicit fantasies. Of course, only as a play, not in real life, and that assured me she was still sane. Who am I to say what’s good or bad for someone? Invite me to participate, but don’t be angry if I don’t force me to play.</p>
<p>We played this game many times, or at least she did. Tess loved rough sex, and I obliged. What’s good for the goose, and that kind of thing. Tess stuck her sharp nails into my back as I bit her neck and pounded away. Indeed, there is something special about exclusive yachts. I smiled at the thought and jackhammered fast.</p>

</body>
</html>
