<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 49 - Home field advantage</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 49 - Home field advantage</h2>
<p>“All hands on deck,” the first officer called, and the girls came out to help us moor the ship against a massive stone dock. The captain notified the authorities well in advance, declared our purpose and the length of stay, and received all the necessary clearances.</p>
<p>“Welcome to Croatia,” a uniformed official said. The inspection wasn’t necessary, but the two men asked to come on board anyway to check out the ship and marvel at its magnificence.</p>
<p>The men checked Tess’ and my passports, allowing us off the ship. Four trucks arrived, with four more queuing outside. The captain decided to restock and refuel the ship in Croatia before going to Italy for a refit. I sent all my requested changes to the Italian architect, and he assured me that the crew in the shipyard would be able to complete all the work in less than a week. I wanted to rearrange the rooms, create more space for the crew, and make a state-of-the-art gym inside with my personal trainer Kris’ help. She rose to the challenge and sent multiple emails with photos of the gym in London to the Italian architect.</p>
<p>I waved to the crew, and they waved back at us. The captain and the first officer saluted, and then we were on our way. A car waited for us outside to take us to town. The name of the place was Split. It was the second major city in the country that could easily fit in a corner of London by population alone. It was Dan’s home, and that was the reason why he had such a strong accent.</p>
<p>As soon as the car let us out in the centre, everything became perfectly clear to me, why Dan never left the place. The girls walking about were stunning and dressed to impress. They moved with such unconscious poise, swaying their hips and throwing everyone superior glances. If I had been born in Croatia and could speak the language, I would never have wanted to leave either. There was no doubt in my mind why Dan became a dating expert. If I had been surrounded by such gorgeous women since childhood, I might have chosen a profession like that. Due to a lucky draw or by the will of the almighty, Dan was blessed or cursed by being born in a place of incredible genetic beauty.</p>
<p>In this place, the sevens were sixes and fives on the M-scale were almost non-existent. Apparently, the Croatians liked their women tall and beautiful, with impressively feminine figures, slim, long legs with narrow waists and large natural breasts. They swayed their hips like models on a runway, trotting on high heels like prize horses to be admired but never touched or bridled, roaming free in the wilderness. They made Tess look ordinary. She was a seven, and I knew she noticed.</p>
<p>“This way,” I pointed, following the map on my phone. I led Tess from street to street, made of old weather-worn cobblestones, all looking ancient, polished by the feet of walking on them for centuries. Even the buildings were made using a mixture of materials, stone, brick, and concrete. The place told the story of a city that had been developing through time. Each ruler or conqueror left a different mark as he won and lost the wars. The Illyrians, Greeks, and Romans all came and went. They built their courts, walls and temples, but people remained.</p>
<p>We arrived at a large stone house that had been completely refurbished in a modern style. It was the best gynaecologist’s office, and Dan’s personal friend highly recommended him. Dan booked an appointment for Tess to remove her diaphragm so she could get pregnant. Tess discussed it with me after our first night of debauchery. She wanted to get pregnant like my other ladies and viewed it as a kind of right of passage, a membership of sorts to my inner circle.</p>
<p>It wasn’t true, but I didn’t want to correct her. If Tess wanted to have my child, I was more than happy to make her one. If there is one thing I learned from being a father, it is that I love having children. In my mind, they were the only true wealth anyone could make. I had the means and the setup to support having a lot of children.</p>
<p>In small family units with a husband and wife and two kids, it could be a nightmare if both parents worked. This is how the Western world transitioned from having three children to one and eventually to none over less than a century. Women entered the workforce, but salaries remained stagnant while the money supply was manipulated by those in power, turning it into worthless paper. As a result, one income was not sufficient to support a family, forcing both parents to work and provide for the family. This has exacerbated our current socioeconomic crisis, skyrocketing divorce rates, and the breakdown of traditional family values.</p>
<p>My setup was large and designed to grow and scale. At any point in time, multiple women were available to take care of children, and the ratio starts to get more favourable, the more women and the more kids you have. The younger ones get older and graduate from one stage to another, requiring different skill sets but getting easier to manage, and they can start to learn and participate in the education of others by being a good example.</p>
<p>The math worked, no matter how people felt about it. Of course, there were gaps and difficulties, but considering the trade-offs, it was undoubtedly the best system for keeping the family together and raising children.</p>
<p>Initially, my girls were sceptical, but once the boys arrived, their doubts disappeared, and they saw the benefits of the strict rules and hard work required to make it work. It was a tough job, but with dedication and adherence to the rules, the girls realised the importance of having children and fulfilling their biological purpose. For all our social and technological advances, biologically, we were still monkeys hardwired to fuck and procreate with a built-in drive and overriding biological prerogative.</p>
<p>All those colourful rainbow people, as lovely and nice as they might be, were destined for biological erasure. Nature doesn’t politicise or discriminate; it just tells them it is the end of their genetic line. We could all sit down and debate our sexual orientation and gender preferences, but the final arbiter doesn’t care about what we think we are, only about our biological imperative. Here’s the plan. You’re free to ignore it, but this is where your bloodline ends. A hundred years from now, only the biologically compliant will survive, and no scientific magic or social justice will change that. Sun rises and sets every day. The birds and the bees are just the facts of life. The rest is all just philosophy, weaponised by the radical people in power for their own purposes.</p>
<p>I left Tess with the nurse and walked out. My plan was to meet in a cafe with Dan while the nurse booked a car for Tess to take her to the hotel. It was my last meeting with Dan as a student, but over time, we got to know the measure of each other, and I was sure we would remain friends.</p>
<p>Dan pulled out his laptop and put it on the table. He showed me his radar graph, and my numbers were off the chart. I knew this wasn’t an exact science, but counting on Dan’s experience, it was as close as when a doctor listens to your lungs with a stethoscope or when a musician plays a chord on a guitar. The good ones just feel it. They say that good judgment comes from experience, and Dan wasn’t a spring chicken. He was about my age, or a little older, and he had been teaching people the same things all his life, refining his craft, turning it into an art. Even the shittiest software developer learns something after spending thirty years on the job, and Dan was an artist.</p>
<p>“You did well, Jim,” he said, shaking my hand.</p>
<p>“Does that mean that I graduated and you will finally let me into your secret group of friends?” Dan’s eyebrows rose. He wasn’t nearly as mysterious as people said. I did my research and my maths, and there was a rumour he was organising some secret group of like-minded men. Grr was one of them.</p>
<p>“I want in,” I said, and Dan laughed. If there was something else to learn, I would have all the time in the world. Since I started on this strange and incredible journey, I got to meet many interesting people. I knew for a fact that Dan had a secret side business, and some of the people from his group of clients enjoyed the benefits, no matter how much he denied it.</p>
<p>“Come on, out with it. What is it?”</p>
<p>“That’s not the way to talk to your teacher.” He was messing with me now, and I found it funny. Dan knew perfectly well that I knew all his tricks and conversational gambits, so he taught them to me.</p>
<p>“Tell me, Jim. What is the biggest problem in getting women?” I knew the answer.</p>
<p>Getting a girl in a bar or a club, in a restaurant, at the pool or a beach, even in queues when you wait to pay for your groceries, was easy. After I learned all Dan had to teach me, it was barely a challenge. On the other hand, finding the right ones, the beauties, the sevens, eights and nines, was almost impossible, and the competition was always immense. There is always some guy waiting his turn, not scared to punch you in the face if for no other reason than to prevent you from getting a woman he can’t have.</p>
<p>It all comes down to investment, Dan said, and I knew exactly what he meant. Dressing up and going to a bar or club is low-hanging fruit available to everyone. Women expect little and are spoiled for choice, and there is rarely any long-term value in that endeavour. Average guys pursuing average women for average relationships and average children. Even sex, if that’s the extent of it, would be average and boring with her lying drunk on her back, waiting for you to pleasure her. That’s not what I wanted or what anyone with taste or self-respect aims for. It’s the bottom of the barrel, the dregs of the ocean with cutup fishnets, broken bottles, and rusty toilet seats with coral growing on them.</p>
<p>“Now that you graduated and know the difference, we need to talk about the pipeline,” Dan asked me about my sailors and stewardesses and chuckled when I told him the story of how I got Tess. “This is your pipeline. That’s how you get quality women into your life. You set up the opportunity and set the rules. Those that find it appealing will recruit themselves.” I invested millions into my ship and my plane, and as a result of clever planning and strict hiring procedures, I would never run out of women who want to join my family and my tribe. I built it scalable and had enough “oomph” to handle everyone.</p>
<p>“My secret business is that I build pipelines for affluent clients,” Dan explained, detailing how he does it and showing me how it works. With a decent salary as an IT guy, one could become the owner of an off-the-shelf model agency or something similar. A boss fucking his young secretary is a cliche for a reason. Most successful relationships started in some sort of a pipeline, a school, university, office and like. How often do you see a happy couple married for thirty years, telling you they met in a club or a bar?</p>
<p>Dan had a team that would build such pipelines for him and his clients, involving them in social activities and creating opportunities for women to show their interest. Instead of a man trying to find a quality woman, the pipeline filters them to the exact specifications he likes. All he needed to do was to be friendly and meet them, seeing how they vibe together in some social setting.</p>
<p>This was the seduction on the next level. Dan was creating a product to bring the right quality women, and all one needed to do was allow those girls to seduce themselves, come to him and start the relationship.</p>
<p>It was as easy as that, instead of being a loser plying girls with free champagne in bars in the hope they would come down from their pedestal and give you a chance to demonstrate your qualities. Then, if she decided you passed the bar, she would tell you her terms, like no sex for the first three months, just so she could be sure that you are the right guy while she fucks her old boyfriend. I knew exactly the type; I was married to one. While I waited and paid for dinner, Tina was sleeping with her ex-boyfriend behind my back. I wasn’t interested in shit like that.</p>
<p>“It all comes down to your peer group,” Dan said and explained. A seven inside a bar full of fives is a princess. If we assume there were a hundred people, with about half of them women, of which there was one seven. The ratio of sevens to fives would be fifty to one, which meant that one girl would have more pull than the fifty others. It also meant that all fifty guys would try to get her to bed, making her the most valuable prize in that group.</p>
<p>The same girl in a different setting, such as at a model agency, would likely be paired with the other models. While personal preferences may vary, all of the girls would likely be attractive and well-presented without an obvious standout among them. As a result, she would have less influence or recognition than she would in the first peer group.</p>
<p>If a man came in who knew how to walk and talk and present himself and stand out in some way from the group through status or scarcity, he would be the unique one. If for no other reason than social pressure, some of the girls would feel compelled to flirt with the men, and the exact opposite scenario would happen.</p>
<p>The man would inform the girls of the rules and his expectations, and if the girl agreed to those, she would proceed to the next level. It amused me. That’s essentially what I did with my stewardesses and my sailor girls, based on Dan’s guidance. He was leading me towards the inevitable conclusion that I required a pipeline.</p>
<p>All of this could be seen as manipulative and highly unethical, and there were laws in place to prevent it. Rules for thee, but not for me. Just ask the egomaniacal mythomaniac at number ten. I chuckled. This is how that old guy Weinstein fell, trading movie roles for the girls in exchange for sex, then when it suited the powerful milking the “me too” movement; they dug it all up and crucified the guy for doing pretty much what others in that industry did at the time. To assume he was the only one promising film roles to budding actresses in exchange for a piece of a cream pie would be incredibly naive.</p>
<p>This was the problem with the short attention span combined with the continuous brainwashing narrative. It was easier to believe the fake news infotainment than using your brain after you fried it at work, getting paid a pittance for your services.</p>
<p>“I am interested,” I blurted. The idea was inspired. I didn’t want Dan to manage my pipeline, but I wanted his team to help set it up. We talked about the details, and I drew a diagram of a napkin with a pen I borrowed when ordering my coffee.</p>
<p>“There is one more thing I want to talk with you about,” I said and looked at me like always with a confident smile. “I want to thank you for all the help you gave my boys.” It worked out perfectly, but I was thinking about doing this regularly. “ I wanted to invest in a business that would involve purchasing a hotel or villa with recreational grounds and filling it with kids on a monthly basis. My goal was to provide an alternative for fathers with boys who were feeling pressured to change their gender by offering them a supportive environment with trained psychologists, peer groups, and male role models.</p>
<p>It would work like a Boy Scout troop with the best trainers money could buy. The parents could have their holiday and watch their boys play sports from afar, yet remain close enough to feel comfortable in case something happened. Many wealthy individuals get into philanthropy for the causes they are passionate about. This would be my way of helping the most vulnerable children who were failed by the radical ideological system, like my two sons.</p>
<p>We would use the extra funds to finance trips for those who cannot afford them and allocate a portion of our profits to organisations and lobbying groups that promote science and reason to combat those who claim that gender is an arbitrary, socially constructed concept.</p>
<p>”Sounds interesting. Let me talk with my guys and get back to you on that.“ Dan’s phone bleeped, and he looked around, and waved. I saw two gorgeous blonde girls walk across from the other side of the square, almost in slow motion, attracting everyone’s glances.</p>
<p>”Who’s that?“ I asked. Dan and I had an agreement from the start; no third parties were allowed during our chats. I assumed the deal was null and void since he was no longer my teacher and just my friend.</p>
<p>”Oh, I have to go. I’ve got a plane to catch. These two are a graduation present.“ He winked and shook my hand, turned around and left.</p>
<p>Hey, Dan!” he turned around. “I’ll be expecting an invite into that secret club you have that doesn’t exist.” He laughed and walked away, waving the back of his hand. It made me smile. I made it a condition for getting his “next level” services as he called “the pipeline,” and he knew that.</p>
<p>The two stunning blondes dressed in black tube top dresses approached the table, and I couldn’t believe my eyes. They were identical twins.</p>
<p>“How the hell did he find you?”</p>
<p>“I am sorry?” one of them spoke, unable to understand what I apparently blurted out loud. It was just like Dan to give me a present that would get me to invest in his “next level” project. Something told me I had no choice. Dan was a comedian with a panache for pulling practical jokes.</p>
<p>“I’m Jim,” I stood up and shook their hands. “Come, join me.” I waved the waiter over and ordered another cup of coffee and an ice cream that looked incredibly appetising. The girls ordered two hot chocolates and sat on the other side, measuring me up and down. I knew the type, and I almost laughed. A gift is never just a gift with Dan.</p>
<p>“How do you know Dan?”</p>
<p>“We worked at his model agency,” the twins chirped in unison, speaking with the same terrible accent as Dan. It was clear that this conversation was going nowhere, and the girls were simply waiting for me to lead the conversation as any other man would. Their insecurity about their mastery of the English language was evident, but it was a problem that they would have to deal with alone. That is the problem with uncomfortable silences. Men blink more often than women.</p>
<p>“Mmm,” I loved the taste of the ice cream. I sipped my coffee and stared at the girls. I was fine. My meeting with Dan ended, and I fulfilled my oath to the letter. I gave him a year and got what I wanted. The girls watched me quietly with their big eyes as I was absorbed in eating my dessert. Maybe they thought I would address them after I finished it, but I ignored them and waved the waiter over.</p>
<p>“This is excellent. Can you bring me another?” I really shouldn’t have since I was back on my diet and exercise regime, but the ice cream here was the best I ever tried. It was exquisite. I could see the nervousness in the girls’ eyes, and they started talking in tandem, possibly thinking I would just sit there and eat my ice cream again, ignoring them like I had done for the last ten minutes.</p>
<p>“Dan said that you might have a job for us.” Ah, the context. I knew what to do now. I shrugged and took the ice cream that arrived.</p>
<p>“What kind of job are you looking for? What are you good at?”</p>
<p>“We just finished the flight attendant school, but we could do something else if you wanted.”</p>
<p>“Why would you want to work for me? I’m sure there are plenty of jobs available.”</p>
<p>“Dan said that your minimum salary is a hundred thousand dollars a year.” I almost laughed. It was true. I paid my stewardesses the same as my engineers, not caring about the current market prices. The jobs the stewardesses did for me were equally valuable as anyone else, but I paid my pilots more for their specialist knowledge and experience, just like I paid senior engineers and team leaders more than the junior ones. The hundred thousand was just the baseline. It also gave me the pick of the litter and a right to impose my unusual hiring rules.</p>
<p>“Why do you want to become a flight attendant?”</p>
<p>“We want to travel around the world and experience a different life, and we don’t want to live here.” That was the perfect answer, and I smiled. I saw Tess looking for me on the other side. She was bored after checking into the hotel and went for a stroll to see the place. When Dan and I finished, I texted her the location, and she made her way to the square.</p>
<p>“This is Tess, and these two are Lana and Luna, although I can’t tell which one is which.” The girls giggled when I introduced them. All their movements and mannerisms were precisely the same. They were dressed equally and had the same makeup and hair. For all intents and purposes, the two looked like clones, perfect carbon copies of each other.</p>
<p>I gave my ice cream to Tess, and she dug into it, making quiet noises. I looked at her and asked, “Isn’t it the best?” Tess nodded, trying to quickly stuff all of it down her throat.</p>
<p>“The ice cream is the same everywhere,” one of the twins added. I called the waiter over and ordered another round of drinks and a large cup of mixed flavours for everyone.</p>
<p>“I want a recipe for this. How can I get one?” The waiter laughed, thinking I was joking, and the girls offered to help me with that.</p>
<p>“I’ll tell you what. You make me an ice cream like this, and you are hired.” The girls’ eyes popped wide, and they looked at Tess as if to ask her if I was joking. She giggled and shook her head.</p>
<p>“He is serious. Do this, and Jim will hire you.” That motivated the girls, and they started talking about the food, telling me how their pizza was better than the Italian one. They bombarded me with local knowledge about all the soups, stews, grilled meat, fish, and even hamburgers.</p>
<p>“Okay, if you get hired, I expect you to find me an assistant chef who can make all that.” As great as Gaspard was, he couldn’t possibly cook for fifty people each day, and having another chef with a different, more pedestrian taste palette would nicely augment Gaspard’s skillset. The girls stared, bombarding me with questions, and I raised my hands.</p>
<p>“Tess is a stewardess. You should make good friends. She will be evaluating your skills and doing the most of the training with her colleague.” The girls started talking at full speed, sharing experiences and bonding. They were young and impressionable, only eighteen.</p>
<p>For the last couple of years, the twins had this dream to visit all the great places they heard of in stories and hatched a plan to skip university and get themselves certified as stewardesses. They did all the training and have already gone through all the hoops. The only thing they missed was on-the-job training, for which I would give them a three-month probationary period with half the salary, but Tess would explain everything. I had more important things to do with my life, and I smiled, eating the best ice cream ever and planning my future.</p>

</body>
</html>
