<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 50 - New Beginnings</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 50 - New Beginnings</h2>
<p>“Surprise!” all the girls shouted as soon as I entered the villa. I was sure that Iqbal knew what was happening, but he said nothing when he picked us up at the airport; he was obviously in on it.</p>
<p>The biggest shock was seeing the Florida girls, Rylee and Callie, who flew commercial just to surprise me. Both of them were pregnant to their teeth, and they ran into my arms with eyes full of tears. I missed them so much, and we talked online all the time. The two wanted to graduate ahead of time and committed all of their efforts to that enterprise.</p>
<p>All the girls gathered in Dubai to witness the birth of my new child. Amy was the first to get pregnant, but the rest of them weren’t too far behind. I planned to stay there for four to six weeks, and there was a chance someone else would give birth at that time.</p>
<p>The pilots finally got their well-deserved break. I granted them a month to allow the plane to be cleaned, refitted, and refurbished. Although it still appeared perfect and was meticulously maintained, some of the carpets and furniture inside had started to show some wear. I decided to replace them with new ones. I also planned to make a few changes to the plane by removing certain parts that were unused and transforming them into a more suitable design for my own purposes. The second conference room proved to be a waste of space, so I opted to convert it into a lounge area with leather sofas and entertainment systems. Additionally, I planned to remodel another room that was practically unused to the playroom for kids to keep them entertained.</p>
<p>Since the plane was grounded, I asked the stewardesses if they wanted to go home. All four of them preferred to stay in Dubai. God knows we had enough spare rooms in the villa, so they could stay as long as our living arrangement wasn’t too strange for them. The stewardesses readily agreed, so I had Iqbal bring us home with a van instead of cramming inside the Hummer.</p>
<p>That night, I fell asleep in the master bedroom with six pregnant girls on top of me, cuddling with Amy, Rylee, and Callie. We spent the evening talking about how we met and the journey we all had to go through to get here. It was sweet, loving, and special, and I felt blessed. We were all starting a new chapter of our lives where the sky was the limit. I had to take care of just a few more things before we embarked on this new adventure.</p>
<p>I ran out of plans for the first time since my divorce. I didn’t want anything else or desired more than I had. They said I should invest my money smarter to maximise my profits and get the best return on investment. I didn’t care much for it. Only a favourable set of circumstances mixed with opportunity and my moral ambiguity allowed me to get far, capitalise, win big, and gamble. I was done with all that, believing that the key to a good life was to know when to call it a day.</p>
<p>Deep in my bones, I felt the turning of the tide. Something great was about to happen. I could sense the electrifying expectation in the air. All the girls went to bed early that night. We were waiting for a new life to come out into this world. All the future mothers were expecting that moment. All of us were prepared and waiting for the day. I could almost taste the emotional undercurrent like fine, pointy, rain-dropping pins against my bare skin.</p>
<p>The next day began with screams and giggles as Liam and Callum ran around, searching for their father and waking up everyone. I remember being the same way at their age, full of energy and waking up with the sunrise. My mother had a tough time dealing with me, and my father was nowhere to be seen or any male figure. It was just the two of us, my mother and me.</p>
<p>The boys jumped on the bed, ending up in a hugging and kissing centipede. All the girls loved the boys immeasurably. The two were like their biological children. There was no difference.</p>
<p>“Okay, okay, I’m up. Please go terrorise Neneh while I take a shower.” The kids ran out like bullets. The house wasn’t childproof, but the women taught the kids not to run on the stairs. Apart from minor scrapes and bruises, the boys were perfect, and the girls did a fantastic job taking care of them.</p>
<p>By the time I got downstairs, the girls had already made breakfast. Their cooking skills have improved immensely since their training. I saw that the girls enjoyed it, so I paid a lot of different chefs to come in and teach them how to prepare various dishes once a month over a weekend. They learned from Thai, Chinese, Italian, French, and Lebanese chefs—all the best ones I could find. They cooked and tried new things, filling the fridges with leftovers for the rest of the week.</p>
<p>“Who wants to go for a stroll in town?” I asked at the dining table, and all the girls eagerly raised their hands, wanting to join me. On the other hand, the boys wanted me to take them to see the kind lady who gives them dates.</p>
<p>“I should buy a bus,” I joked while driving my electric Hummer, followed by Iqbal in a packed van. With the kids in tow, transportation would be a nightmare. I had already thought about that, and a bus was out of the question. It required a different category license and wouldn’t be allowed on all sorts of roads. On top of that, even the best-looking ones appeared cheap. That’s why I put in an order for ten custom eight-seater electric Hummers.</p>
<p>I was tempted to buy a few sports cars like most other nouveau riche millionaires so I could measure my dick against theirs and rev it to impress the ladies with silicone lip fillers. I was never interested in fame and wealth, but grand designs require sacrifice. None of this was an accident.</p>
<p>We strolled through Madinat Jumeirah, going from store to store, until I stumbled against a closing one right in the middle. A nice Syrian woman was going out of business. She lived in one of the places decimated during the bombing campaign, where she lost her husband and sons, ending up alone with a young daughter. Somehow, through the help of family and friends, she managed to move to Dubai and opened her trinket store for passing tourists. Unfortunately, the business was bad over the past few years, and she blew through her savings until she was forced to go out of business.</p>
<p>I had an idea and took her to the side, pulling Lana and Luna with me. It was a simple proposal. I offered to back her business if she converted it into an ice cream store serving the Croatian recipe. The woman liked it immediately and accepted my offer. It was a fair deal. After she paid all the bills and the salaries, whatever she made, we would split fifty-fifty as equal partners. This was about something other than profit for me, but my girls and I liked to come to Madinat Jumeirah often, and I wished I could have some great ice cream and coffee while the girls did their shopping.</p>
<p>My secret plan was, if that worked, to open an ice cream store in every mall where the girls and I shopped, offering coffee and tea, maybe even some cake, good coffee, and free high-speed internet. I could sit in such a place forever, tap on my phone or work on my computer while my girls explored.</p>
<p>Everyone had a great time. The boys pulled my hand to the data store, where the kind saleswoman let them try some for free. Of course, it was good business because I spent at least a hundred bucks on dates every time she did that. With many girls tracing my footsteps, I was bound to buy half of the store.</p>
<p>Little did the people know that one of the first purchases I made after selling my business was to buy that little date store and ensure it stayed in business. It was one of my little vanity projects. I loved those dates; they were delicious. I even got the old Count Conti hooked on them. He ordered tens of thousands of dollars worth of the dates for himself and as gifts for his friends. The shop could prosper just on that one customer, and his special orders were as extravagant as the man himself. The world changes once you become a billionaire; little things seem more important, and you learn to appreciate them.</p>
<p>We ended up at our usual restaurant, Neneh’s favourite, where they welcomed us with open arms and gave us the best private room with connected tables. The waiters didn’t even take orders, knowing it would take forever to choose any variations the girls liked. They made a deal with me a long time ago that whenever we visited, they would just feed us. It seemed more natural and spontaneous, passing the burden of choice onto our gracious hosts. They preferred it this way as well.</p>
<p>The girls took the newcomers on a boat ride around the canals, ending at Jumeirah beach, where we walked and sat in the shade while the boys played in the water. We were quite the spectacle, with tourists passing by and a group of women, half of whom were dressed in stunning abayas and hijabs.</p>
<p>When we moved to Dubai, at first, the people we met didn’t know what to think about us. Still, the people gave us a pass thanks to Neneh’s insistence that the boys go to the mosque and her dedication. Of course, we would be breaking a few laws and living together in my big house, but Dubai was accommodating, so they let us live in our little enclave. After receiving my final payment, I donated a million to Neneh’s mosque of choice, which sealed the deal in terms of speculation and intrigue. Even the most judgmental people looked the other way and let us be.</p>
<p>We arrived home in the late afternoon, following a leisurely stroll through the air-conditioned halls of the Mall of Emirates. The girls were eager to peruse some new clothing items. Due to their changing bodies, there was never enough even when the girls shared. It felt good to be back home after a day out, and we all collapsed onto the sofas and brand-new designer bean bags.</p>
<p>While I was away, the girls decided that bean bags were the most comfortable when they were pregnant, so they bought a whole lot of them and dragged them into the living room, where they could sprawl like cats and gestate.</p>
<p>I had just made a fresh batch of coffee and a pitcher of hot chocolate with marshmallows for the ladies when I heard a scream, followed by another one. Everyone started talking at once. I quickly rushed into the living room, only to see Amy standing in a semi-squatted position, looking at me like a deer caught in headlights.</p>
<p>“My water broke,” she said, and everyone panicked. We had discussed this and practised it numerous times, but when it actually occurred, no one knew what to do and was running around like a headless chicken.</p>
<p>“Stop, calm down, everyone,” I shouted, barking orders, holding the phone against my ear. “Come, come, let’s go,” I urged Amy to walk, but she only stared at me with her big blue eyes, looking petrified. I smiled at my little exhibitionist angel, took her in my arms and carried her to my Hummer. Iqbal was there, and I asked him to drive as none of the girls were calm or collected. I didn’t want to end up in an accident.</p>
<p>Cassie and Shay joined us for moral support, while Neneh and Tara started calming everyone down, getting them ready to visit the hospital as soon as Iqbal’s son arrived to drive his people carrier.</p>
<p>We were at the hospital within minutes. The nurses waited for Amy and rolled her into maternity, instructing the rest of us to stay. Amy was fine; she would be safe. It was the best possible ending for a beautiful day. I knew from my previous experience that this could take a while, so I found my way to the canteen and got us some drinks.</p>
<p>An hour later, all the girls arrived, joining us in the waiting room. When the doctor came out, she instantly spotted a bunch of pregnant women and rolled her eyes. The way everyone looked at me left little doubt about who the father was. She saw my boys sitting on chairs, swinging their legs in boredom and smiled. At least I made good-quality children, reducing the chance of a nasty surprise.</p>
<p>Around three thirty at night, the doors to maternity opened, and the nurse entered the waiting room, smiling and waving me over. All the girls were asleep in their chairs except Neneh, who nodded, letting me follow the nurse and see my woman and child. The nurses had already redressed Amy and rolled her into recovery. She was half-sat in the bed, propped with multiple white pillows behind her back. Her eyes were bluer than ever before, and her tears rolled down without stopping.</p>
<p>Amy held a wrapped bundle of joy in her hands. She had given me another son and decided to name him Nathan. As she looked at me, she began to cry uncontrollably. I went up to her and gently kissed her forehead.</p>
<p>“I love him so much,” she said, unable to control herself.</p>
<p>I love you both.“ Amy squeezed my hand and sobbed while I dried tears from the corner of my eyes. It was over. This was the moment where my life turned. Whatever happened before was gone. It was day one, the beginning of the rest of my life. Everything in my life so far led to this moment, the final crossroads, and I said within myself the final farewell to the man I could barely remember. I let go of my past, every shred of it, celebrating the new life, mourning my death, or at least the death of who I used to be. The old me had to die for the new me to be born. I had to cut the umbilical cord that connected me to my past, let go of everything, and detach from it all.</p>
<p>”First comes detachment. It is a precursor to faith. The only way, Jim, to win in this game is to refuse to play.“ My friend Jack’s words echoed in the distance. I recalled asking him, ”How did you get so wise?“ He chuckled, patting my back.</p>
<p>”You will know in time, Jim. I am sure of that,“ Sometimes Jack would quote someone, some sage, most likely an imaginary figure that used to speak in riddles like ”a rich man walks barefoot in the sand.“ It made no sense there, but I started to understand. ”Knowing that you don’t know anything is the beginning of wisdom. There is a difference between being smart and wise.“ Jack was full of such sayings and proverbs that made me think what it all meant.</p>
<p>Dan taught me how to think and act, and he became my first male role model. However, Jack was more subtle, and he made me understand. He gave me tasks because it amused him, opened a door, often with a riddle, then watched to see if I would walk through it if I would pay attention and try to find answers to questions he never asked. Jack taught me how to seek. He told me the secret and gave me the key to shed my ego and discover my id, the inner self, who I was beneath all the garbage, the final layer of lies, the final mask behind which was me alone.</p>
<p>I bent down slowly and gave my new son the gentlest of kisses, letting him rest against his mother’s bosom. ”My god!“ I whispered into the nothingness; Amy and I had performed a miracle. We had made another human being out of love. We had created life.</p>
<p>People sometimes ask silly questions like ”Is there a god?“ or ”What happens after death?“ Instead of looking up at the sky for answers, they should look closer to where they live—into their own children’s faces. Is there any greater proof of divinity than creating life itself? Only God has that power, and he has also given it to us. We see it as simply nature—living, eating and procreating, but there is so much more to it than just biology.</p>
<p>Buddhists traditionally respect all living beings. Perhaps we should honour and respect the ultimate power, the gift we were given, and life itself. To become a Buddha means to be enlightened. It is achieved by seeking the truths inside, not out there, and learning four noble truths about suffering, following the eightfold path. I needed a guide, but I found my truths inside, and now that I saw my child, I could feel my love. It burned through me and spread like a fiery avalanche, consuming me through and through. It was a reward like no other. All that this child could be, all the possible futures, Amy held in her soft hands, letting him sleep on his first day of this life.</p>
<p>Inside my heart and mind, I swore to the gods that I would fight tooth and nail and die before I would let anything bad happen to this thing. I would burn the world and piss on its ashes; I would unleash the apocalypse if someone even looked at him the wrong way. This little kid gave me a purpose. He quickened my faith, and my mind was clear now. All the veils had been lifted, and above everything and all, I knew who and what I was. It might not sound glamorous or extraordinary, but it meant everything to me. I was a father; that was my identity.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>Massive celebration awaited Amy when she got home. I thought Nathan would cry, but he just looked up at all those aunties and his two older brothers, all wanting to see the beautiful boy. Amy was worried about how his teeth would turn out, and it was only the threat of spanking that made her calm down. The young mother bombarded the internet with pictures of her baby boy and received many good wishes. Poor kid didn’t even have a chance to live for more than a day, but he already had thousands of followers on the Instagram Amy set up for him.</p>
<p>Nathan Allen had a ring to it. I obtained his birth certificate and paternity test, which confirmed that he was indeed my son. I then mailed both documents to the appropriate authorities to establish his nationality and obtain his travel documents. My embassy was pleased to assist me with this process.</p>
<p>With Natan put to sleep as the first baby room customer, we all gathered downstairs and celebrated, hugging and kissing the young mother, who could finally sit down, eat regular food and have a cocktail. Amy suffered little from being pregnant, partially because she was so young and partially because of all the creams and lotions the girls rubbed their skin with five times a day. Still, she fretted, stood in front of a mirror and pointed at every microscopic part of her body that wasn’t the way she remembered.</p>
<p>”Come with me,“ I pulled on Amy’s hand the following morning, right after breakfast. Tara and the American girls joined us in my Hummer. Ten minutes later, we parked in front of a three-story glass building. When we walked in, the girls gasped. It was the most modern and luxurious gym they had ever seen in their lives.</p>
<p>”I got all of you a membership here,“ I said, failing to mention on purpose that I owned the place. I worked with the best sports consultants and architects, leasing closely with Kris, my personal trainer from London, to create this magnificent work of art. It was inspired by the level of service I had in London, only modern and stylish with more amenities.</p>
<p>The girl at the entrance greeted everyone, and I guided them upstairs, showing them around each room until we took the elevator to the basement, where there was a large pool, hot spa, massage rooms, sauna, and wellness facilities. It was like being in an exclusive fitness centre.</p>
<p>The place was still open, and it was understaffed. I applied the same formula for finding my gym employees as I did for my plane and for my ship, but I insisted on at least a bachelor’s degree in sports, nutrition or medicine. All those gorgeous doctors who washed out to become fashion models were welcome to work in my gym.</p>
<p>I quickly realised that with the number of pregnant women I had, recovery, nutrition, and post-natal care, I would be looking at millions in medical and cosmetic expenses, and I didn’t trust half of them. There was an opportunity in this, so I set up my own gym. I knew firsthand what a great gym should look like and how it should operate, so I modelled it based on my experience, augmented by expert advice.</p>
<p>When I calculated all the costs I would pay over time for the same quality and service I had in the UK, I could run the gym out of my pocket and still end up better off than if I sent my girls elsewhere. With that in mind, I created a piece of art with a view to going live after Amy gave birth, but I was behind my schedule.</p>
<p>I invented my own operating model. The gym would be staffed by the girls I directly employed and trained. All the beautiful girls could apply for the free membership and come for an interview, and if they had the looks, we would let them exercise for free, under the condition that they come at least once per week.</p>
<p>All other female members would have to pay one thousand dollars per month or ten thousand dollars a year, and all the men would have to pay ten thousand dollars per month or a hundred thousand dollars a year with a discount. I didn’t tell my plan to anyone because I didn’t want to hear that it can’t be done. Who in their right mind would pay ten thousand dollars for a month?</p>
<p>It turns out that my assumption was accurate, as the gym had already accumulated over a hundred free members, and six guys had paid for a year’s membership, resulting in a profit of six hundred thousand dollars in just the first month. I had to give Ahmad ten per cent as he agreed to be my local sponsor for the gym. Initially, he requested five per cent, but I offered him an additional five per cent if he introduced me to his wealthy friends, which he did, and all six members came from him. In fact, he has already paid off what he cost me and made a profit on top of that.</p>
<p>The principle was straightforward: offer free membership to attractive young women, and men would flock to the club in the hopes of winning their affections. It was common knowledge that many of these Instagram models had a side hustle. My contribution was to provide them with a platform to showcase their talents and a juice bar where they could work on their laptops.</p>
<p>On Fridays, the pool area was closed to men so that women wearing modest clothing could undress and swim without being watched by men. This principle was also applied in Dubai to certain parts of the beach. I didn’t want to go against the norm or reinvent the wheel, as what’s good for the geese is good for the gander.</p>
<p>The girls were ecstatic about what I had built and excitedly punched my shoulder. It took them a minute to realise that I was the mastermind behind everything. To my surprise, I wasn’t as mysterious as I thought I was. Amy embraced me tightly and gave me a kiss in front of everyone.</p>
<p>”Thank you, Jim,“ she said, knowing she was on my mind. They were all my girls and partners. Together, we worked hard in our own capacity to create something greater than the sum of its parts. I thought this was what a relationship should be, whether you do it with one person or twenty.</p>
<p>The girls loved the place so much that they wanted to exercise and blamed me for everything, punching my shoulder with fists in mock anger because I didn’t tell them how to dress. I led them to the juice bar, and on the other side was a shop that still remained clothes until I could adequately staff it.</p>
<p>I opened it and found a wide range of Juicy Couture and Creative Recreation shoes, sports equipment, trinkets, and a selection of swimwear. It had everything you could possibly need at a gym, even if you forgot to pack your bag. I thought having a vanity sports store would be appealing to customers, so I made a deal with local retailers to run an outlet. They paid me a flat rate for shelf space, and I got ten per cent of every sale they would make, which would cover the salary of an employee working there.</p>
<p>The girls were thrilled to loot the store, take what they needed, and christen the equipment. One of the on-duty personal trainers approached them and instructed them on how to operate the machines. I was pleased to see that and felt motivated. Within a week, all the new staff with medical degrees would arrive to concentrate on nutrition, skin, general health, rehabilitation specialists, and sports masseuses. It would also allow me to focus on my own health and return to my regular exercise routine of two hours five times a week.</p>
<p>Over the next week, all of my girls went to the gym, and I slowly built up my old routine. Of course, the pregnant girls couldn’t do strenuous exercises, but one of the certified yoga instructors arrived. When I saw them breathe together, I called my headhunters to find me a trained midwife and a couple of accredited nurses.</p>
<p>About four weeks after I arrived, the family fell into a regular routine, going in and out and taking care of the children. I resumed my work by getting into the Dubai office and working in person with my team onshore. The business I set up there was growing slowly and steadily. Life reached a new equilibrium of sorts. I was happy, and the girls were ecstatic. For now, they were satisfied with their lives, and even when everything changed, I planned to involve them in a range of business activities and give them greater purposes than just being mothers.</p>

</body>
</html>
