<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 51 - Tasty Treats</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 51 - Tasty Treats</h2>
<p>I stood at the docks with Tara, watching the ship arrive. All the onlookers watched as the vessel moored. It gathered quite the crowd; some even clapped. It was the largest and most luxurious ship there.</p>
<p>The sailor girls spotted me as I strolled down the dock and greeted me with a wave. The captain and the first officer stood at attention high above and saluted like soldiers. I turned to see the crowd staring at me, likely wondering, “Who is that guy?”</p>
<p>All sailors cheered as I climbed up. Their number had doubled, but they were still not at full strength. Everyone looked at me as if I were a god. I was willing to bet that the girls from the first batch told all kinds of stories, some of them grossly exaggerated. I greeted them all and made a little speech, welcoming the new sailors into my employment, pretty much the same speech I gave the first time.</p>
<p>Gaspard greeted me with a big hug, introducing me to Alma and Petra, the assistant chefs. Both girls came through Lana and Luna, who connected Gaspard with the best cooking school in Croatia. Initially, I thought of getting only one additional chef, but Gaspard understood perfectly what I wanted to achieve, so he got a chef who specialised in baked goods, pizza, dough, and bread and another one who specialised in ice creams and cakes. He flew to Croatia from Italy while the ship was refitted and personally selected the top ten chefs matching my general criteria—young, tall, slim, and gorgeous. Apparently, they were easy to find in Croatia.</p>
<p>From the ten applicants, Gaspard selected the two by hiring a professional kitchen for a day inside a large restaurant that had yet to open. He watched the girls work, assessing their every move, precision, and cleanliness before tasting what they prepared. I patted his back for a job well done, convinced that if Gaspard approved of them, I would love what they made. He also pointed out the restaurant staff and the waitresses. We went from two to five, with another five on standby in case we had many guests.</p>
<p>After greeting everyone, the first officer took me around to see what had changed. I was awed and impressed by the complete remodel of some rooms inside. Now, I had the same gym setup inside a ship as I did outside. It was my plan from the beginning to allow gym staff to work onshore or on the ship, allowing for the continuity of training. The worst thing about travelling was the interruption in my exercise routine, so I bit the bullet and applied the same solution Alexander The Great used to a Gordian knot problem.</p>
<p>I heard a commotion outside, so I went out on the main deck to notice a man in kandurah trying to board. He was part of a group of nine men, most of whom surrounded a tall guy with a kaffiyeh, a chequered scarf hiding his face. What made it special was the presence of a woman wearing a black abaya with a niqab covering her face. Even from this distance, I could recognise those green eyes. It was the woman I met in Madinat Jumeirah that day.</p>
<p>Without a second thought, I welcomed the man. It was the first guest I received on the ship, and he seemed to be of some importance, judging by the company he kept. After all the little clues I had analysed over time from whatever I heard or what nobody would tell me about that woman, I gathered that she was important. I even learned her nickname, Shams, but nobody would say to me who she was or where she came from, partially out of respect and partially out of fear I could see in their eyes. They wouldn’t even repeat her full name, just shaking their head whenever I asked. Clearly, Shams was not someone to be messed with.</p>
<p>“Ah, you are the one who owns that executive plane parked at the airport,” the man said as we introduced ourselves. It seems someone was paying attention during the inspection, and word got around. While I was busy with the gym and spending time with my children, the plane had been fully serviced and refitted. I haven’t seen it yet, but I offered to take the man on a tour, and he graciously accepted with a handshake.</p>
<p>By the time I finished showing the ship to the man, a small coffee table was set with freshly made Arabic coffee inside an ornate silver pot and expensive-looking cups. There was some fresh cake of a kind I had never seen before and a box of dates filled with honey dipped in white chocolate with Arabic writing in gold on it. Tara saw that I wanted to leave a good impression and immediately called the date shop to bring up a box with a motorcycle. The delivery boy broke all the speed rules to ride like a maniac and bring me that box before I sat down to honour the man.</p>
<p>Khalid, the man who came to visit, thanked me for my hospitality before taking a seat and complimenting the chef on the cake. I tried it, and it was lovely. Khalid and I talked about this and that, mostly about my gym, ship, or plane. He never asked me how I got my money or what was my business. He either knew already, or it was impolite. I was far from being an expert on Middle Eastern cultures. The one thing I learned about the Arabs was that they respect honour and are gracious hosts, so I tried to be one, opening my ship for a visit.</p>
<p>“I would love to see how it handles the open water,” Khalid said, admiring the vessel.</p>
<p>“Why don’t you invite your friends and family, and we’ll make a day trip out of it, maybe visit Doha, Manama or Kuwait, let the women go sightseeing or shopping while we enjoy a nice meal prepared by my chefs.” Khalid’s eyes glistened, and he accepted, choosing Manama, the capital of Bahrain. The women in his household often visited, so they knew where to go and had many friends there. At that moment, one of the waitresses arrived, bringing us two magnificently designed cups of ice cream.</p>
<p>“This is the best ice cream I’ve ever tasted,” the man exclaimed with a wide grin on his face.</p>
<p>“I stumbled upon it myself and decided to hire a chef,” I told Khaled about my agreement with the woman to be my business partner and my plan that if everything went smoothly, I would rent a space in the malls my girls frequently visited. The man laughed, slowly beginning to comprehend how my thought process worked. I didn’t undertake any of these activities for financial gain but to enhance my life and please my women.</p>
<p>“Are you sure you’re not an Arab?” the man joked, loving the taste of ice cream and asking the waitress to bring more. “You must open an ice cream shop in this place.” He showed me a map of the mall near where he lived, telling me that I would ruin his life if his wife tried the ice cream, but the only shop was far away.</p>
<p>It was funny, and we laughed while the girls brought another serving with different flavours mixed with freshly cut fruits. Khaled was having a great time, and I enjoyed talking with him about his likes. In his spare time, he taught a small junior basketball team. He even flew in a specialist from America to spraypaint his Rolls Royce with basketball-themed graffiti.</p>
<p>When it was time for him to leave, the girls packed Khaled an icebox full of various flavours. We set the date two weeks from then to bring everyone out into the sea and sail the ship to Bahrain. It would be the perfect timing, as I expected to be full-strength on staff by then. We shook hands and said our goodbyes, and then I texted Neneh to organise special abayas for all the sailor girls for the event. I didn’t want to make my guests feel uncomfortable.</p>
<p>Neneh texted me back, telling me she would get right onto it tomorrow or the next day. She was in the hospital with Cassie, who went into labour an hour ago. I said goodbye to everyone, taking Tara with me and making my way to the hospital. Four hours later, I was a dad again, kissing Cassie and Alfie, my new son. Cassie was in tears from happiness, loving her little boy more than anyone. When she saw him smile at her, that was it for Cassie.</p>
<p>“I want another and another,” she said, hugging me tight. Cassie had always wanted to be a mom; now that she was one, nobody in the world could be happier.</p>
<p>“Are you ready?” I asked.</p>
<p>“For what?” Cassie looked at me, so I gave her a sly smile, got up, and opened the doors, and the invasion of squealing women started. Poor Alfie looked at all this circus before him, probably thinking, “Get me back inside.” It was warm and cosy, and no crazy ladies cooing at him, acting infantile.</p>
<p>“How do you like this duet?” Tara asked me later, watching the two babies crying their hearts out, competing over which one had better lungs. I laughed, rustling her hair. Tara was still trying to get pregnant, bursting into tears every time she got her period.</p>
<p>“I’m waiting for the orchestra to arrive.” All the girls looked so pregnant, ready to pop in the next few months. Tara giggled, hugging me tight. Her love for me was immeasurable, as was mine for her and all my ladies, but it paled compared to how I loved my children.</p>
<p>It was a busy time as new staff arrived. Initially, I had a hiring ban on anyone outside of the UK and the US purely for cultural reasons. I wanted to avoid any favouritism or issues that might arise from different cultures. The recruiters were pulling their hair out, screaming at me, telling me that my conditions made it impossible for them to find the right people. Still, I was a stubborn old goat who stuck to my guns.</p>
<p>When I saw how well Lana and Luna integrated, and after just a month spent living and working with English speakers, their command of the language increased by leaps and bounds. So, I changed my mind. There are many ways a cat can be skinned, but I refused to apply creative thinking to recruitment. I was paying them plenty of cash to solve my staffing problems.</p>
<p>As soon as I relaxed the ban, I had many choices—Eastern Europeans, Russians, Argentinians, Brazilians. There were too many applicants with all sorts of degrees, so I tightened the looks rule, threw out the sevens and only wanted eights and above, the truly incredible genetic specimens, the girls that would leave any man breathless. That thinned the herd, and I picked out my personal favourites. There were over fifty girls on the way to Dubai or getting their documents sorted.</p>
<p>I was haemorrhaging cash on recruitment companies, so I decided to cut the fat and bought the best one, firing the unnecessary staff and converting it into my human resources department. I faced a growing headache with all the small shops and businesses, so I solved the problem by passing it on to someone else and saving money in the process. I kept all those finders’ fees and nonsense in my pockets, paying good salaries, much better than my employees had made under previous management. That was my entire business plan—cut out the middleman and pocket the difference. Dan would say I was building my pipeline.</p>
<p>If there was any doubt about the success of my Dubai enterprise, it was all gone. Since I met with Khalid, ice cream sales have increased by a thousand per cent. There were queues in front of the shop with people waiting for their cones. I had to hire four more people and buy a shop next door to handle the demand.</p>
<p>As a form of gratitude, the next ice cream shop I opened was in the mall Khalid wanted. When I talked about renting the place with the mall manager and explained what I wanted and why, he gave me the best spot at half the price and offered help with his team to set it all up. The shop was up and running within a week.</p>
<p>This wasn’t the only business that underwent a renaissance. Suddenly, out of nowhere, over a hundred men joined the gym, adding a million dollars to my accounts every month. This was enough to double the gym staff and turn it into the best gym in the world, at least inside my eyes. As soon as the new members started parking their Lambos, Ferraris, Bugattis, and other cars in front, there was an invasion of gorgeous women applying for free membership. The staff chose the most beautiful ones; the rest were sent to pay a thousand dollars a month, and some did. We had over fifty paying female members.</p>
<p>It just goes to show the importance of making friends and how you treat them. I treated Khalid with honour and respect, offering him friendship and hospitality, and he put in a good word with the people who respected him. One hand washes another, and the face washes both. Ultimately, any relationship with people is about the face, the honour and respect we show each other. It’s not the contract but the handshake that matters. When you build such a reputation that you won’t need contracts anymore, you’ll know that you are a man—not just in your own eyes or the eyes of women, but in the eyes of people who have earned your respect.</p>
<p>On the day of the cruise, the girls had outdone themselves. I had poached one girl named Indigo from a sizeable five-star hotel chain. They had given her a scholarship and tied her into a contract that paid a pittance, preventing her from working in the hotel industry for ten years if she quit her employment. The worst part was that she wasn’t just good at it but absolutely gifted. I showed her the ship and said, “Impress me,” and Indigo outdid herself.</p>
<p>There were girls in the abayas acting as ushers. Indigo had them learn a few Arabic words that say welcome. The ship was exquisitely decorated with tables and seats everywhere. I told Indigo to expect around a hundred guests, but one hundred and twenty came. The captain allowed Khalid’s oldest son to sound the horn, and the ship sailed out, followed by the curious looks of hundreds of people on the dock.</p>
<p>“It handles so nice,” Khalid said, enjoying the dates with his nonalcoholic cocktail. The kids quickly discovered the large pool inside, so the girls blocked off the access to men, allowing mothers to come in and swim with them. Indigo proved to be an outstanding manager. While everyone worked, she sat in her office and coordinated, getting the info on her phone in real time and barking orders. Employing her was the best decision I made, and the hotel chain didn’t even realise their loss until it was too late, or perhaps they didn’t care. Those large monolithic management structures didn’t respond well to someone as dynamic and agile. I gave Indigo a simple order to impress me with her skills and what she made.</p>
<p>Everything worked out perfectly with fifty-seven permanent staff and eleven borrowed from the gym, just in case. When our female guests discovered salons and spas, all of them wanted to try a massage. Most of them didn’t have the foresight to bring their swimwear, but luckily, Indigo was ready for that. She mirrored what we made in the gym and used a spare room to set up a small shop for anything that could be needed by the guests. She gave it all free to the women who visited. With four massage therapy specialists, two skin specialists, and a bunch of nail, makeup, and waxing experts, the wives had themselves a perfect spa day.</p>
<p>They left the children in the care of skilled sailors with expert swimming abilities to look after them. Everything turned out brilliantly, even better than I had anticipated, and the men were admiring Belle. She was a beautiful ship, perfectly maintained and presented. When the food finally arrived, it was some of the best they had ever tasted. The children went wild for ice cream and pizzas while the wives savoured the cakes and asked for recipes. Meanwhile, the men indulged in stuffed halal pentade with honey-roasted vegetables, tomato soup, and fine nonalcoholic wine. They even squeezed fresh, natural grape juice before it had a chance to ferment.</p>
<p>One by one, they came up to thank me for the invitation, making me promise to visit their homes. They all complimented me on creating this party for them and paying so much attention to detail as to address the cultural aspect. All my staff were modestly dressed in abayas and acted respectfully as if they were meeting a prince. By treating them as friends, I made friends with my guests. They made Dubai feel like home.</p>
<p>When we arrived in Manama, we were expected. The women disembarked, and some men boarded. The waitresses served a nice spread of snacks, drinks, and sandwiches. Everyone received their own tour of the ship and expressed their amazement. It dawned on me that those two countries share deep cultural connections and similarities, just as one would expect from next-door neighbours.</p>
<p>Everyone had a great time talking and drinking tea and coffee, and everyone loved the ice cream so much that I had to promise to open a shop in Bahrain. As soon as I did, two other guys insisted it wouldn’t be fair unless I opened one in Qatar and another in Kuwait. They were lovely people with clear eyes and friendly smiles, so I shook their hands and made commitments.</p>
<p>“If you find me a good location, I promise to open a shop there.” This sealed the deal, and I believed them. All of them insisted that I come to visit them. It was true what I heard about Arabs; they are wonderful people with open hearts and welcoming smiles, diametrically opposite from how they are portrayed by the lying fake news companies in the West. This only confirmed what I had assumed, and I was committed to banning all Western media companies throughout my enterprises. I was done with them.</p>
<p>As the evening rolled in, the girls served a magnificent dinner. We put all the kids to sleep, then ate and made speeches till late. It was an incredible evening, and I made so many friends. I was lucky to remember everyone’s face and name well.</p>
<p>In the end, we said our goodbyes and the ship made its way back after everyone was counted. It was a lovely night, full of stars, and we sat in a circle, drinking tea, and chatted. It was a special bonding moment between men, discussing seemingly mundane events and sharing love and friendship. To me, it looked like getting on the ship was a great excuse to organise a gathering of people who were too busy to meet otherwise, and they made me their friend.</p>
<p>“So, what do you think?” I said to Amir, sipping a drink and looking at the waves. I met him one day inside my gym, and we talked about this and that as we slowly moved towards business. I invited him to this trip as a guest so he could have a look and better understand what I proposed.</p>
<p>“It would work, but I think it’s too much.” I shrugged, measuring the Egyptian man up and down. The word on the street was he was a good trader, always looking out for himself.</p>
<p>“Perhaps I should be talking to someone else.” I turned back and started walking away.</p>
<p>“Wait, wait!” I said to Amir and smiled. He knew I got him and laughed, then he shook my hand, and we were in business. Things were coming out nicely, just the way I planned. The men joining my gym all paid massive amounts to have a first-class experience with what I felt was the best gym out there. I didn’t even bother checking the competition. It wouldn’t change my mind; it was irrelevant.</p>
<p>There were three reasons why they chose to join me. The first and most important one was the experience. It was a great place with incredible service provided by the best professionals money could buy. The second reason, at least for the guys, was all the pretty girls there. Even if the men didn’t want anything from them, looking at pretty ladies exercise, breathing their pheromones, buying them a drink and enjoying their company a little was nice.</p>
<p>The third reason, just as valid as the previous two, was that this guys’ club cost ten thousand dollars a month to join. I even gave everyone different-coloured bands with a chip inside to provide access to digital lockers. The grey bands meant you were a monthly member, and the gold ones meant you paid for a year. This instantly segregated the cautious guys from the big spenders.</p>
<p>Men could make friends at the gym and socialise, buy a few drinks for lovely ladies, and later, whatever happens, happens. As long as everyone plays by the rules, I wouldn’t ask what they did in their private lives, and it worked. The membership surged first when pretty girls joined, and several gold members joined later. The gym gave members a way to meet each other, network, and do some business if they wanted. It was similar to The Society, except we had a permanent location to come and exercise and enjoy a massage.</p>
<p>The idea I had was built on top of that. I would organise exclusive gatherings on the ship once a month and fill it with the fifty most gorgeous women seeking a rich husband. I would sell fifty exclusive tickets to an invitation-only group of people for one hundred thousand dollars apiece to spend the whole day on the vessel.</p>
<p>We would sail out at dawn and return at sunset, with the ticket including all food and entertainment. The men could meet, get to know each other, and talk business; meet the ladies and get to know them. However, sex was strictly forbidden on the ship.</p>
<p>They could swim in the nude and sunbathe naked. They could kiss, hold hands, but nothing more than that, and any inappropriate contact with staff would result in a lifetime ban. If you managed to meet some important people and arrange some business with them, it could all be worth it. That’s how I met Count Conti and he introduced me to others. If you have bad luck, come back another time.</p>
<p>If you’re lucky enough to find a good wife or girlfriend there, congratulations! You’ve won the lottery. But if you don’t, there’s always another chance. The key to this system is that I sold tickets through an auction. There were only fifty tickets available each month. Amir would sell them one by one at any price, starting at a hundred grand and ending wherever. Amir could keep all the profits, but he had to buy all the tickets, so I would receive five million for each trip. How much Amir made was his own business.</p>
<p>Amir attempted to negotiate a better deal by making me view him as the indispensable gatekeeper. That’s why I invited him on this trip so he could see my new friends and comprehend that I could make my own contacts without his services. It worked, and we made a deal.</p>
<p>If I ran this, the ship would make me sixty million dollars a year, which means it would pay itself off in six years on this kind of meeting alone, but I was sure we could increase the frequency as the word spread. For someone like Count Conti, one hundred grand would be loose change, and he wouldn’t want to meet with anyone who paid less. The money, in this case, served as a filter for undesirables. The more it costs to join the club, the better the members’ profile. I understood that well.</p>
<p>We docked in Dubai at the same spot we left. My new friends thanked me for a lovely evening, and I thanked them. It was a pleasure meeting the locals and offering them hospitality. My women thanked their children and promised them they could get ice cream in any of our shops for free whenever their parents allowed it.</p>
<p>It was a good day, and we disembarked. My hummer and Iqbal, with a people carrier, waited to take us home. I helped Shay walk. She was tired and heavy carrying twins. I couldn’t wait to meet my two new daughters and welcome them to this beautiful life I created for them. It was the start of new beginnings; we all felt that.</p>

</body>
</html>
