<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 52 - Happy endings</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 52 - Happy endings</h2>
<p>I was planning a trip, but Neneh, Rylee, and Callie went into labour within three weeks, giving me one more son and three daughters—Logan, August, Hayden, and Zoe. It felt incredible to be the father of all those children. I loved all of them more than I thought possible. Sometimes, I’d sneak into the baby room and lay on the floor, just listening to them coo. Zoe was born right on my birthday, and we celebrated it a week later on the ship, just me and all my employees.</p>
<p>I invested some of my money into a diversified portfolio of companies. One of them was the highest-rated cosmetic surgery hospital in Bangkok. It was a growth industry, and Thailand was one of the top locations for health tourism with a high-quality expert staff and top-of-the-range hospitals. I offered all the women in my employment free cosmetic surgery of any kind, valid for the next thirty days, as a gift for my forty-third birthday. Most of the girls accepted. Some wanted to do their noses, others their lips or something else.</p>
<p>“Can I get bigger breasts?” One of the sailors asked, and I laughed. Everyone knew my preference for large mammaries.</p>
<p>“As big as you want.” It was an expensive surgery that would typically cost at least five thousand dollars, even ten with all the trimmings. The plane had to make two trips to Bangkok to get everyone there. The hospital I bought had plenty of beds, but it would take them a week for the surgery and recovery, so the girls grouped together and left.</p>
<p>I busied myself with the final part of my project, exercising and spending a lot of time in the office, locked in my room, making phone calls, and sending emails everywhere. My girls were packing their suitcases and doing some shopping at home. I asked them to prepare for a long trip.</p>
<p>A couple of weeks after my birthday, all the girls returned from Thailand. Some went just to fix their noses or get their pubic hair permanently removed. When they saw the girls who wanted bigger breasts, they asked if they could have them done as well. Peer pressure, I guessed. In the end, almost all the girls who left returned with double dees standing perky and proud before them. The doctor recommended the transaxillary incision method, which left no scars on their chests but under the armpit instead. He was such an expert that even this was barely noticeable. All the girls were ecstatic with their new bodies.</p>
<p>Some girls had their teeth capped, and some got braces. All of them got their vaginal hair almost completely removed, leaving just the upper part in the shape of a landing strip. Never again would they have to worry about getting nicked. All of them had their armpit hair removed, as well as any unwanted hair anywhere. It amazed me how much could be done in a week with the right experts doing their best. Some girls even got their pussies rejuvenated and their assholes bleached, whatever was feasible in a short time.</p>
<p>It took a month for me to finish my plans and for the girls to fully heal from their treatments. In the meantime, Dixie and Paige gave birth to Willow and Winter, my two youngest daughters. I became a father again, which confirmed what I already knew—I loved being surrounded by my kids, and my plan had worked. I had assumed that everything would be fine with multiple women taking care of many children, and I was right. It didn’t matter to the girls who gave birth to whom, as they saw all their kids as their own. It wasn’t about biology; it was about love.</p>
<p>The day had finally arrived, and we had to put the Hummer into the garage. Iqbal and his sons assisted us in moving numerous suitcases onto the ship while the girls spread out across the decks, squealing with pure joy. The captain played the horn as the ship detached from the dock, and we gradually made our way out of the shipyard, picking up speed as we entered the gulf. We were now on our way.</p>
<p>As soon as the girls managed to settle, they came downstairs wearing the skimpiest and most obscene bikinis ever made, and I should know. I browsed the internet for the kind of swimwear and lingerie I liked, then found out who made them. The trail invariably led me to India or China. So, I hired an experienced textile engineer and bought a factory on the verge of bankruptcy for one dollar in Sri Lanka under the condition of paying its debts and keeping some employees. I fired half and gave them a good severance. Those were the ballast people in middle management who got their jobs through briberies and nepotism. I only kept the ones with valuable textile experience.</p>
<p>I bought one of each garment that I liked and sent it to the factory. The textile engineer opened them all up and, within a month, produced better-quality copies. It cost anywhere between one and three dollars to make the original bikini, and I paid twenty for the one we made using the best technology and materials available.</p>
<p>It cost me a bomb to bring advanced digital textile printers from China. I had to buy a small factory there, as they wouldn’t sell me the technology otherwise. It surprised me that the Western world had no technological capabilities to manufacture complex garments. The Chinese invested a lot of research and money into advanced textile technologies. They kept them and the entire supply chain China-centric.</p>
<p>Often, western politicians boast about bringing manufacturing back to the West despite a lack of understanding of the problem. The West lacks the technology and supply chain to support certain types of manufacturing. These politicians speak grandly about creating jobs and demonising China while we waste resources on wars and destruction. Other countries invest in themselves, watching as we slide back into the stone age.</p>
<p>This all came into play when I wanted to set up my garments factory in Sri Lanka. The textile technologist almost laughed at me when I told him we could get all we needed from the US or Europe. It turns out the only thing we could get from there is why I shouldn’t be doing it in the first place.</p>
<p>In the end, we got it going and produced better copies of the same garments under a different brand, with sufficient changes made to avoid getting sued. Meanwhile, our recruiters found several talented designers, and we signed part-time cooperation agreements with them. I provided them with pictures of the garments that I liked. If they came up with something unique, the textile technologist would assess whether it was feasible to produce it and provide a cost estimate. If it was financially viable, I would purchase the design, and we would move on to the production stage.</p>
<p>All of it was generating losses, but I intended to come up with a range of sexy clothes, market them at a high price based on the quality of material and manufacture, and build the brand on that. I could rent several stores in the Emirates, stock up the shop in the gym, and see if I could break even. On the plus side, I got the best-looking clothes made with the best materials and the best manufacturing processes at factory prices. The more my girls bought, the more profit they sent to the factory. Of course, it was all my money, but how you did the accounting mattered.</p>
<p>Our first stop was in Sri Lanka. I wanted to visit my factory in person, and we planned to stay a few days. While girls explored the place, doing the tourist things and taking thousands of pictures, I went inland with a driver to visit the factory I purchased. It was a relatively small and dirty place in desperate need of repair. I sat down with the manager and fired him on the spot, then called for everyone to stop and listen.</p>
<p>“I want to know what we need to turn this place into something we could be proud of, and I want all of you to tell me what is missing, what we could do better, and what needs to be fixed.” Everyone was silent, looking at me scared, so I smiled at them and called what looked like the oldest woman there to come up.</p>
<p>“How many years have you worked here?” She had been a seamstress for twenty years. I doubled her salary to stop what she was doing, train, teach and advise younger women, and report up the chain on what she needed. I made the technologist the interim manager until we could make a plan to renovate the place, create the proper structure, and turn it into a clean factory instead of a sweatshop it was, improve quality control, and stop theft.</p>
<p>All of this was part of a plan to give my girls something to do when they were ready to take on a different challenge. Some people are happy to be just parents, while others require the mental stimulation of a challenge to pit themselves against something difficult and win against the odds. This is why we climb mountains or compete in certain sports. Many of us need the fulfilment of achieving our own self-actualisation and greatness, and I wanted to establish a structure that supported that.</p>
<p>The Sri Lanka factory was an absolute disaster and a headache that would take at least a year to correct. Tara has been slipping into a bit of a depression for months because she couldn’t get pregnant, and I thought this would be the right time to try again and focus her mind on something different. I was sure Amy would want to help, and so would other girls, just like they did with the gym.</p>
<p>At first, the gym was my brainchild, and I kept running it, but as soon as the girls figured out it was fun, they volunteered to do this or that, and before you knew it, the gym was off my hands, and the girls ran it with great pleasure. They would come home and tell me stories about what they did and how they managed to solve complex problems. I could see the spark in their eyes. They were so excited and felt validated, so I kept throwing them little breadcrumbs, and they kept following the path.</p>
<p>My women ran the ice cream shops. The date shop expanded and turned into a little chain, and my girls ran it. I would start something and present them with a harder challenge, and the girls would take it up and have fun doing it. This was the secret to successful, cohesive relationships. Everyone felt valued and that they were contributing, adding to the family something more than their love and good genetics.</p>
<p>My girls were smart, and they knew why I did all that, and they loved me even more for it. Sometimes, showing that you’re paying attention can be as simple as buying a flower or doing something nice. However, this is not scalable, and such gestures become meaningless after they have been repeated numerous times. What I did had greater potential, and the girls were fully invested in it with passion.</p>
<p>We explored Sri Lanka for another day and had fun, eating local fruits and trying local cocktails before boarding the ship and continuing on our way. It was the long-deserved vacation I had planned for months to celebrate the success of my plan and the birth of my children. My entire family, all of my women, were there, sunbathing nude, joined by the off-duty sailor girls with massive fake tits, glistening in the sun, slick with lotion, looking incredible with their bronzed skin.</p>
<p>The captain took his time, and the ocean was warm and quiet. It was a great moment to let go and enjoy myself. I was forty-three, and if some are to be believed, I was halfway there. I wanted to live the rest of my life with my girls and children and teach them about love, honesty, and respect. I wanted to give them everything they deserved, a good start in life and, most importantly, a big family to love and support them in whatever they decided to do with their lives.</p>
<p>“Land ho!” Tara shouted, pointing with her finger. Far in the distance, she saw the Maldives. The captain stopped the ship at a safe distance, and the locals sent boats to greet us and take us to the hotel. It wasn’t so far, and I felt that any good swimmer could easily make the distance. I booked at one of those famous places with bungalows on stilts inside the ocean. The azure sea was calm and beautiful, with white coral sands.</p>
<p>I have always wanted to visit the Maldives, an archipelago of small islands with some of the world’s most beautiful beaches. The place was too small to do anything with it in terms of living or starting a business, but as a tourist destination, it was incredible. Indigo bought a range of snorkelling equipment, expecting it would be needed sooner or later, so I took one with me and swam around the island, looking at the fish and enjoying myself.</p>
<p>There was little to do in the Maldives other than eat, swim, enjoy the sunshine, and take long walks on the beach at sunset, but it was a beautiful and romantic place. The girls loved it and kissed me after the hotel staff served us dinner. I had to admit to myself that I preferred the ship, but it was a unique experience and a fulfilment of an old dream.</p>
<p>The following morning, after breakfast, I thanked our hosts, and we were back on our way. The captain helped me plot a fun route that would take longer than a straight line, but it would be enjoyable. Since we were so close, I thought why not visit all those places I had imagined all my life? After all, this was a well-deserved holiday.</p>
<p>We took it slow, in no hurry to get anywhere, well within the reach of our helicopter in case something happened. We had the first aiders on board and nurses trained as midwives, so I was confident that we had most angles covered. I spent the day mostly sunbathing and enjoying the hot spa, drinking cocktails and eating the best food prepared by my chefs. It made me happy that the gym they installed had the same core features as the mine in Dubai, and I made sure to use it for two hours each day upon waking.</p>
<p>I had a stringent exercise regime that helped me keep fit and flexible while reducing stress. Although it was sometimes difficult to sleep due to the remaining stress from the intense pressure of taking the New York company public, the memories of it slowly faded away. Spending time with my children and watching them grow and coo brought me joy and reminded me of the life I created.</p>
<p>Right after lunch, I was enjoying my hot spa and the sunshine with a nice glass of a refreshing coconut cocktail, another one of Gaspard’s inventions. I swore he could have made millions just by inventing drinks and licensing them to bars. I was lucky to have found the man.</p>
<p>Over time, I got to know everyone on the ship and liked my choices. The girls looked gorgeous after upgrades and weren’t shying away from showing it. The front deck pretty much turned into a nudist beach. All the bikinis the girls bought served little practical purpose, especially in the hot tub or on the sun beds. Who wanted tan lines anyway.</p>
<p>The girls joined my bubble bath, carrying their drinks and chatting with each other. I was surrounded by gorgeous naked flesh of babes so hot that my cock would explode if it wasn’t for all the sex. The good thing about being on the ship with a bunch of horny mothers was that no matter how often we had sex during pregnancy, they were cock starved, so I ended up fucking them at least six times a day, especially with Tara, who was desperate to get pregnant.</p>
<p>I heard the giggles and saw Tess on the other side of the hot spa conspiring something with a small group of off-duty sailor girls. Tess was a character who loved rough and nasty sex. She would grab me at every moment she could and make me fuck her in the most degrading and humiliating way, and she would spit profanities. Something was missing in Tess’s head, but it amused me. She was a great stewardess and a trustworthy employee, a great lay and someone I could count on, but she was weird. She made me laugh, and I enjoyed that.</p>
<p>One of the sailor girls detached herself from the group and slowly swam over to me, whispering into my ear.</p>
<p>“I am so horny. Would you please fuck me, Jim?” Now, who could refuse such a polite request? I looked at Tess on the other side and the grin on her face. The girls were snickering, sending Loraine over on a dare.</p>
<p>“Come on, let’s go,” I said, pulling her hand out of the hot tub. Lori looked back at her friends, and they shrugged. I could play those games as well.</p>
<p>I showered and put on a fresh change of clothes just moments before we arrived in Seychelles. I had arranged an incredible rate with a hotel to get all my staff in for a three-day shore leave. Seychelles was the most fantastic place, full of islands and corals and rich in old culture. It was a dream come true for me to explore it and see giant turtles in their natural habitat. It would be an excellent educational opportunity for everyone to marvel at something uniquely beautiful. It was our natural inheritance, and all humans should come and understand what we are fighting for and trying to preserve.</p>
<p>We moored the ship against a dock and started to come out. No inspection was necessary as the documents we sent in advance were sufficient. Nobody wanted to run away from their country and migrate to Seychelles forever, as the place was too small unless you wanted to play Robinson Crusoe.</p>
<p>The girls spread out, enjoying the local sights and snacks, slowly gravitating towards the beach. I hired a guide to take us to see the turtles, and we went on a small boat island hopping and met the ancestors of the great old land tortoises. They looked incredible. I was instantly in love with them—such incredible creatures—and the guides promised to take us snorkelling the next day.</p>
<p>Life is what you make of it, and I turned mine into enjoyment. Everything in my new life was custom-engineered to bring me joy and happiness. I never wanted any of this, just to live a normal, boring, average life, but all of it changed when I was betrayed and forced to start thinking for myself instead of letting others do all the thinking for me and tell me who I was and what to do with my life.</p>
<p>Of course, this was a much greater responsibility, but I took control of everything and planned, ending up with the life I created. In the evening, Gaspard and the chefs joined us for dinner. The guide took us to the best restaurant. I looked at the menu and said, “Yes,” ordering everything they had. We would never waste food. There were just too many of us for that, but I wanted to taste everything on offer.</p>
<p>The food was excellent, and I ended up arranging for Gaspard to spend the next day assisting the main chef, learning the best recipes and sourcing the right ingredients. I never knew there was a difference between Indian curries. It turns out I was wrong. Different areas used different ingredients. The chef even gave me two powders to try. One was Telugu, the other was Madras. The curries bore a strong resemblance in taste, but the difference was instantly evident, and Gaspard was fascinated.</p>
<p>By the time we bid farewell to the Seychelles, everyone on board, including the crew, felt rejuvenated. We all had such a fantastic time taking over a large hotel, swimming, snorkelling, sightseeing, and taking pictures. Little did I know that the girls had set up an Instagram account for the ship, where they posted the best photos of the gorgeous sailors posing in various locations we visited.</p>
<p>Belle attracted fans from all over the world. She was one of the most luxurious vessels out there, certainly staffed by the sexiest sailors in the history of sea travel. Since the account started, over a million people followed, helped by the shoutouts from all the Instagram princesses we had there.</p>
<p>The girls were raking in cash from product placements. Some months ago, I suggested to the Florida girls that they try their hands at marketing. I bought a small marketing firm in New York and another one in London, merged them into one, hired, fired, and reshuffled people, then set Rylee and Callie as the directors, and they convinced Morgan and Paige to join them.</p>
<p>The Dubai team revamped their website and created a new corporate identity. The girls partnered with companies to showcase their products on Instagram and TikTok. With a combined following of ten million, they successfully marketed Sri Lankan garments, mainly swimwear and lingerie, at a significant markup. They emphasised quality by sending garments to YouTubers who tested them and gave them a perfect score of ten out of ten.</p>
<p>We took a slow, steady course until reaching the coast of Madagascar. The sailor girls went nuts, held hands, and sang the song from the Cartoon. Watching that was equally funny, endearing, and freaky, making us look like some weird cult. I couldn’t help but laugh when my girls joined them.</p>
<p>“When in Rome,” I mumbled and held someone’s hand. Life was beautiful, and people on shore waved back to us when the ship docked. Since childhood, I had always wanted to see a baobab tree in real life. It looked so strange and unique that it sparked all sorts of fantasies.</p>
<p>The hotel staff greeted us with open arms and escorted us to our rooms to unpack. After changing our clothes, our tourist guides drove us to their jeeps and immediately ventured into the wilderness.</p>
<p>There it was, like an alley of trees, right by the road. The cars stopped, and I got out and hugged one of them. The girls laughed. It was one of my early childhood fantasies that I finally made happen. The older I got, the more I craved all the simple things I dreamed of as a kid. This would look silly to casual onlookers, but to me, it was the fulfilment of a lifelong dream.</p>
<p>Nobody dreams of being wealthy like Scrooge McDuck, jumping into a pile of gold coins, or worshipping a golden ring like Gollum. We dream of simple things as children, such as having loving parents, feeling warmth, and eating ice cream. We dream of playing with our father and skipping stones on a lake or just hearing our parents tell us that they are proud of us and love us.</p>
<p>Dreams often become complicated with endless disappointment, and we are given the “correct” dreams to have as grown adults. Good grades, a good salary, a good house, a good wife, good children, a good retirement, and a good death—these are the dreams we are told to have, but never to strive for greatness or excellence. These dreams are deemed unattainable, and any attempt to reach them is met with disapproval. This is how we are programmed and controlled by the constant fear and threats that surround us. “Cross the road on red, and we’ll spank you,” they say.</p>
<p>I intended to teach my kids something different: never settle for good enough and always shoot for great and excellent. I wanted my kids to be satisfied with small things like hugging the baobab tree but always shoot for the stars and give due respect and love to others. I wanted my children to use their own brains and think before doing anything people tell them, to intelligently evaluate all their choices, always win for themselves, and then share the winnings with those they love.</p>
<p>The girls enjoyed exploring the town, window shopping, and strolling through the market. Madagascar was such a beautiful place. It would have been easy to settle there, build a lovely home, and relish in the scenery and the beaches, but I had other plans. After a delightful dinner and spending the night on the ship, we sailed to Reunion Island, which was part of France.</p>
<p>We docked, and the girls spread out everywhere. Being in a small tropical place yet technically in the European Union felt so strange. It was a critical point as I could get all the legal protection here, all the EU rights and all the medical help if needed. The mothers could give birth to their children in France. It was a very subtle but important point.</p>
<p>Gaspard adored the location. It was a part of his country, and we remained on shore while Belle restocked with truckloads of produce. I established an agreement with a shipyard that had a dry dock to maintain my vessel twice annually and supply me with everything I required through a chain of French companies as frequently as necessary. Reunion would become my primary service and supply point for the Indian Ocean.</p>
<p>Everything was done by the end of the day, and we made our way slowly to the neighbouring island. We could have reached it quickly, but the captain ordered the first officer to arrive at dawn. There was no great magic in piloting Belle. It probably had more electronics than the space station. The captain showed me it once. I could press a point on the map, and the ship would sail itself there. It was loaded with technology from sonar to fish finder, satellite internet, and internal WiFi. I even got Starlink installed for high-speed internet when the ship travels in areas with coverage. Reunion was one of them.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>The sun’s light burst through my window, stirring me awake. Yesterday was a long night spent with Lana and Luna. Since our first sexual encounter, the two had been eager for more. I must admit that I was developing a preference for Croatian women. Their sweet, devout demeanour and eagerness for penance and blessing with my special holy water made everything more thrilling. The girls were becoming like Tess, insatiable. Was this due to the high altitude, which only affected stewardesses? I chuckled, and the two women stirred awake.</p>
<p>“Mmm, what is it?” one of them asked. I long since gave up figuring out who was who. One of the twins had a barely visible mole on her inner thigh. If that was the deciding factor, then god bless them. None of it mattered in the end because those two were inseparable. They did everything together, ate the same food, dressed the same way, and naturally, they fell pregnant together – the very first time we made love. Was it a proverbial hole-in-one, or was it two holes? I found it confusing with the two of them.</p>
<p>Suddenly, the doors burst open, and Tara ran in, squealing like a monster. Lana and Luna screamed in surprise and ran away to hide and take a shower. I had to ask Tara three times to calm down and tell me what happened. She jumped on the bed, squealing and dancing, until I grabbed her foot and pinned her to the mattress.</p>
<p>“I’m pregnant! I’m pregnant!” Tara kept repeating. She pushed the clear blue stick into my hand to let me see while she squealed with excitement, jumping up and down and punching the air with her fists and legs.</p>
<p>“Yes, you are, my darling.” I kissed her, and she hugged me tight like a vice.</p>
<p>“Thank you, oh thank you, Jim, for everything, for saving my life.” Lately, Tara stopped calling me “master.” It kind of got old, and she matured. Tara wanted to be just one of my women, loved and cared for, safe and protected.</p>
<p>She started telling me her story one day, but I stopped her. It was ancient history. I had stopped telling my own story a long time ago. It was irrelevant. What mattered was here and now and what we did with it. We only had one life to live. Sometimes, people can’t move forward because they are stuck in their past. Other times, people keep rushing endlessly into the future, chasing a future that never comes. All of them forget about today. The now is a magical gift from the universe that allows us to enjoy our lives. That’s why it is called the present.</p>
<p>Carpe diem, seize the day, live in the moment—that is the lesson hardest to accept. It comes with detachment, something I learned from my friend Jack. He spoke in riddles, impossible to solve, but once you got there, the riddles made sense. They were designed in such a way as to make you look for the answer and go on the journey of enlightenment.</p>
<p>“You can’t see the valley from the foot of the mountain. Only at the summit is everything clear. This is when you understand that the mountain and the valley are irrelevant. The journey itself holds all the answers.” Jack used to drive me insane with the way he spoke. He learned it from someone, “a man on the beach fishing for a whale made out of wishes.” I couldn’t figure it out; no matter how hard I tried, none of it made sense. The obvious part was easy, but there was something else, and it infuriated me to feel so close yet always too far from the answers.</p>
<p>“Sometimes, Jim, you must stop and wait to reach your destination.” I sucked at metaphysical metaphors. Give me a logical or mathematical problem, and I would figure out how to solve it in time. Still, any form of ambiguity was doing my head in, just like the little happy minx trying to suffocate me.</p>
<p>I love you,“ I said, and Tara kissed me hard. Her tears rolled down her eyes. This was the happiest I had ever seen her. Her biggest dream had come true. She would be a mother and create a new life. This urge is something deep inside all of us, except that men experience it as a sexual drive until the moment they see the smile of their children, and then everything changes in an instant. Being a father is the most intense feeling in a man’s life. All your love, your dreams and your goals funnel into one. A man never knows true love until he becomes a dad.</p>
<p>Loud squeals from the deck prompted us to go to the window and look outside where we were. In front of us was a magnificent island with endless white beaches, palm trees, and vast views of a tropical paradise.</p>
<p>”It is Mauritius!“ Tara shouted in surprise. Belle was anchored just outside Belle Mare, my favourite area. It featured a single five-star luxury hotel at its centre, a three-story main building at the back and two-story ones at the sides, not counting the numerous exclusive bungalows behind them, creating a horseshoe look from the sea. In front of it were several dozen brown wooden sun loungers with dry straw umbrellas creating shade.</p>
<p>This is the place we visited on our last trip. All the girls had incredible memories; half declared they had seen paradise, and now they were ready to die. It was the most beautiful place on the planet. As much as I loved Dubai, Monaco, and even London, where I was born, nothing could come close to Mauritius. We all fell in love with it, the true garden of Eden.</p>
<p>I stood at the back of the ship as the captain dropped the anchor and lowered the side. Inside the ship was a secret compartment containing a small ten-person speedboat and four jet skis, two on each side, secured to the walls. As the water poured in, the automatic ramp lowered the speedboat into the water, and one of the sailor girls sailed it out. I wondered where our safe boats were, and they were all neatly packed inside, automatically inflatable in contact with water, including the packs of modern emergency inflatable jackets with GPS and transmitters. I had paid a top-tier subscription for emergency services in case something happened; I’d have helicopters flying to find us wherever we were.</p>
<p>The boat cautiously manoeuvred around coral reefs, ensuring that it did not harm them. We had a specific agreement with the government outlining where we could anchor the ships to avoid any damage to the reefs, including contact damage, so for a portion of the journey, we had to glide on the water with propellers lifted.</p>
<p>We slowly sailed through the shallows and beached the boat on the white sands. All the immigration processes were satisfied in advance, and the immigration didn’t require an inspection, so we were free to come and go as we pleased.</p>
<p>A team of hotel staff rushed towards us to stabilise the speedboat until we got off and then shoved it into the water to bring in the additional passengers. I granted all the sailors time off, retaining only a rotating crew of five.</p>
<p>”There are no guests,“ Amy noticed, and the girls quickly agreed. The hotel was empty, and we were the only ones there, so the girls looked at me suspiciously as if I had done something without telling them. Luckily, I was quickly rescued from the inquisition that brewed.</p>
<p>Lamin walked across the courtyard and shook my hand in welcome. I looked back to see the girls staring at the man.</p>
<p>”Welcome, boss. I’ve missed everyone.“</p>
<p>”I trust everything is in order,“ he nodded and greeted the girls. They ran up to Lamin and bombarded him with questions. I strategically moved away and jumped into the pool, then floated to the bare in the middle, making cocktails.</p>
<p>I’ll have one virgin Gaspard Fresh,” the bartender smiled and served me one five minutes later. I took a sip and exhaled; it was too early for alcohol, so I settled for a fancy fruit juice until everyone came over and we could have breakfast together.</p>
<p>I watched from a distance as Laming and the girls discussed something intense. Some saw me smiling from the pool and shook fists at me for surprising them this way. I contacted the hotel owners and bought the hotel outright without telling anyone. It cost me a bomb, but now the hotel, and a half mile in each direction, was mine.</p>
<p>That’s why the government didn’t fuss about the ship because I was one of the major investors in tourism, presenting them with a ten-year plan of turning a square mile behind the hotel into a luxury estate villa paradise with prices starting at a million dollars apiece just for an apartment. With that, I would heavily invest in infrastructure, providing all of the essential services, with all the taxes going to the government to finance a range of other much-needed projects.</p>
<p>If one looked far into the distance, they would see construction crews with bulldozers preparing the land to lift ten-foot walls around the estate. I was building an exclusive gated community with the hotel as its centrepiece. It would have its own security and a central recreation building with a helipad on top so that the rich people could fly in and out from their yachts. The entire project would cost billions of dollars, and I hired Lamin as its manager. It took some convincing, but we got there in the end.</p>
<p>I didn’t want to fire anyone from the hotel, but my plan was to slowly move them to work from the central management estate, taking care of villas, apartments, and gardens. The hotel had over two hundred employees. I estimated that I would need to quadruple the headcount to cover the new estate. It was another benefit for the local government. I would become one of the largest employers, creating jobs and lifting people from poverty into modest middle-class living by providing enough financial stability to educate their children.</p>
<p>The hotel staff led the girls to their rooms, and they unpacked, put on their sexy bikinis, and came to the courtyard to get their drinks and join me floating in the water. The concierge then called us for a late breakfast. We took a shower and put on white robes before joining Lamin in wishing us a warm welcome.</p>
<p>Lamin did an amazing job, refurbishing half of the rooms, rolling out a covered parking lot in the back, and resurfacing the main road with brand-new tarmac. Some building crews were still working at the back, placing the bricks to make footpaths on the roadside, cleaning the place, and collecting leaves. The entire front of the hotel was still being repainted before the workers hit a pause and moved to remodel the bungalows.</p>
<p>“The crews will start coming in a month,” Lamin said. We would begin with the central building, approximately a quarter mile away. This is where all the workers would be transferred from the hotel and replaced by the girls we had hired. The process would be similar to what we had done for the ship. I was responsible for closing the hotel to the public and removing all listings from the internet. The only way one could book a stay was if they were invited.</p>
<p>“What’s the point of all this?” Tara asked, probably trying to figure out if I had gone mad, and I laughed.</p>
<p>“Do you know how big a square mile is?” Tara shook her head. “It is two and a half million square meters, almost twenty-eight million square feet.” It took Tara a minute to visualise what I suggested, and then she gasped. I wasn’t just building a gated community but an entire town with exclusive villas and apartments.</p>
<p>There would be a church, a mall, a cinema, a hospital, a school, and even a kindergarten, as well as a learning centre for university-level students. They would all be built on strict principles, without radical nonsense or destructive political agendas. All future owners would have to sign an agreement to this effect, and if they breach it, there would be a legally binding arbitration process to remove the problem makers from the premises, with the cost of buying out their houses at the market value.</p>
<p>Tara sat down, trying to process the immensity of what she had learned, and Lamin took me outside to show me the parking lot, which had ten brand-new electric Hummers happily sitting in their charging bays. Over fifty charging points were in the parking lot, but only some were connected.</p>
<p>“What are we looking at?” I asked. Lamin knew his numbers by heart. Judging from the current estimate for each dollar we put into the development, we would get a thousand dollars back. Rich people were spooked by wars and uncertain times. We already had a few dozen customers ready to put money in and buy off the plan as soon as it got finalised and certified. Some were already speculating that the houses would double in price, and everyone wanted a cut, ready to splash millions.</p>
<p>I slowly spread the word down the grapevine, and all the investors were salivating. Once you make three billion dollars in a day, people start to listen to you and want to invest. Count Conti was one of the first people to reach out, counting he would double his investment in a year. It was a massive undertaking that would need a lot of people, and my girls would be happy to live here in a community they engineered.</p>
<p>When we returned, Gaspard was beside himself, frantically running around the kitchen and barking orders. He was displeased with how things were done, and I couldn’t help but chuckle. I knew there would be trouble when Lamin sent me the pictures.</p>
<p>“Would you mind helping redesign the kitchen to your standards?” Gaspard jumped like a rabbit, breaking out in French. Reunion Island was just a short boat ride away, and he could get whatever he needed in France. He was ecstatic at the opportunity to build his own kitchen and restaurant from scratch with the help of Alma and Petra, the Croatian chefs. The man started hyperventilating. I sent Indigo after him to manage his rants and turn them into something productive. She was losing her mind as well.</p>
<p>Since I was taking the hotel out of the listing, nobody could accuse her of working for the competition, and she poured over everything, inspired by what Lamin wanted to do and eager to help.</p>
<p>That evening, the Mauritian chefs taught Gaspard how they grilled fish and lobsters. I seated almost seventy people at the tables. Then I stood on the podium with a microphone, welcoming everyone and explaining what I had done. I asked everyone if they wanted to participate in something great.</p>
<p>Everyone cheered and lifted their glasses. This meant they all had a home different from where they came from, living within the world they helped build. As a perk of their employment, I promised free apartments to everyone, highlighting that we would need to hire and train at least two hundred more people.</p>
<p>I presented Tara with a challenging task, a model agency I bought in New York and another in Milan. She had oodles of experience, and I asked her to become a manager. She burst into tears and accepted. Finally, I found something she wanted to take on as a job. Then, I turned to Rylee and Callie.</p>
<p>“I have something for you as well,” I said, and presented them with a talent agency and a studio in Los Angeles, which I bought and offered them to manage. I was collapsing all my seemingly random investments like a house of cards into one large enterprise managed by my woman. All the other girls squealed, offering to help.</p>
<p>I had made billions of dollars from that one trade and everyone assumed I was set for life, but I had a plan. With each step, I moved forward, adapting it to fit my final big picture. Most people thought I was done after that and that I would just live happily ever after, spending my gains and living off dividends, but that was never the life I imagined.</p>
<p>Making money was always only half the equation; anyone could tell it should be balanced. “If you’re not moving forward, you’re slipping backwards,” Jack’s words still echoed in my head. Giving up on the world and enjoying life may seem fun for a while, but then problems would come and accumulate. After a decade, a disaster would strike. Someone would get bored or learn to resent me for all those perceived missed opportunities. This way, I made my form of perpetuum mobile, pushing people forward into new challenges, shifting from one side to another, and building the change, chaos and growth into the equation.</p>
<p>I always told everyone I wanted to invest my money into something stable like real estate, so they naturally thought I would buy houses and apartments, then speculate or rent them out as a passive income. Nobody expected me to do something unthinkable like banking on the dreams, fears, and greed of others to build a safe haven inspired by Monaco on the most beautiful tropical island ever, a proverbial stone’s throw away from France.</p>
<p>Lamin was right, although his estimate was overly optimistic. On paper, I could make a thousandfold return on investment. He was wrong by an order of magnitude, and if everything went according to plan, I would get to turn one dollar into a hundred, and I would have many dollars to spend. I had already burned over a billion for the hotel and the square mile of useless land with mud, grass, and bushes. It wasn’t good enough for growing sugar cane, initially zoned as farmland. Nobody wanted it except me. It was an insane plan, the kind I liked.</p>
<p>It was like a video game or a monopoly. I had already made myself rich, and the trick I pulled would change everything by multiplying my wealth and making me fuck you rich. I looked at Liam and Callum, my lovely two sons and laughed. I was going to build an entire world for them.</p>

</body>
</html>
