<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 53 - Crocodile tears</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 53 - Crocodile tears</h2>
<p>Time flies when you’re having fun, and the months pass like a breeze. Anya gave birth, and so did Morgan and Bailey in Clinique Darné, the best hospital on the island until I built mine. I already got the architects making blueprints for a private clinic on the Belle Mare estate and its twin in Reunion, France, connected with the one in Bangkok for staff and the experts. Four months in, the walls were finished, the central administrative building was already completed, the main streets were laid, and the hotel was completely refurbished.</p>
<p>The money was pouring in left, right, and centre from all investors and friends, and the ship started its monthly cruises. We picked up the fifty hottest girls on the planet from talent and model agencies. Then the men came, each forking out a hundred thousand dollars for a ticket. The business model worked.</p>
<p>At the end of the cruise, the girls who didn’t find a partner would be offered a complimentary one-week holiday at the hotel. Some decided to stay and work for any of the dozens of businesses the girls managed. It was a busy time for everyone, and the girls were happier than ever.</p>
<p>Tara was glowing with love for her unborn baby. Amy, Cassie, and Shay were pregnant again. The first thing we did was to completely remodel the gym in the hotel, turning it into a world-class place.</p>
<p>“Please prepare yourself for landing,” the voice said, and two new stewardesses approached me to ensure that I was secured and comfortable. I winked at them, and they giggled. They had just joined my enterprise a month ago and, until now, transported the girls around the globe chasing investors and various businesses. They had been angling to meet me for quite some time. We got to know each other well several times over the eleven-hour flight from Port Louis to London.</p>
<p>No story ends without the final act, and I knew mine was coming in due time. Tina ignored me for over a year, and then one day, out of the blue, she wrote to me, wanting to see her children. I ignored her email, and time passed. With it, she grew even more desperate. She begged and pleaded, telling me how wrong she was and how much she loved our children, crying out crocodile tears. It made me laugh.</p>
<p>Lately, her mood changed again, and she threatened to cause me all sorts of problems. It was time to stop that shit, once and for all, deal with it. Hell hath no fury like a woman scorned, and I didn’t want to test the proverb.</p>
<p>We landed at Heathrow, greeted by the rain. I stood in a fine drizzle for a good five minutes, watching the endless grey cloud of depression covering the skies. It was still morning, but it felt like dusk. A wave of nostalgia washed over me, so I turned back to take the tube. It had been a long time since I travelled underground and saw all those worn-out faces of people wearing drab clothes. Their eyes looked glazed, their posture bent like they carried the weight of the world on their shoulders, going through their lives anaesthetised.</p>
<p>The giant poster on the opposite side advertised cheap hamburgers accompanied by a serving of cancer. Two for one; get fat while you can. It made me wince and feel like vomiting at the same time. Fortunately or unfortunately, the train arrived, and I entered with the throngs of people dragging dead bodies inside my luggage. At least, it seemed that way with the suitcases the size of caskets, and they squeezed together tightly, inhaling each other’s scent.</p>
<p>The odour of unwashed bodies after intercontinental flights in cattle class, chewing salted peanuts permeated the air. Yes, I was in London, the national park, where wildlife is always well-behaved, except for the road men in their puffy black jackets dealing weed and shanking everyone in the heartland of Thailand.</p>
<p>I never saw London this way, a decaying empire hanging on threads. Once this great nation, the beacon of power and culture, turned into a meat grinder where new people immigrated, hoping for the better, while those who had that better escaped.</p>
<p>Deep inside my heart, I missed the British flags. I was raised to love and respect my heritage, but what the egomaniacs in power did with it gave me a gag reflex. It was hard to swallow the bullshit anymore. I always saw myself as a patriot, and I was ready to die for the cause, but not anymore, as nobody could articulate what exactly we stood for and what we created.</p>
<p>All great civilisations, including the Greeks, the Romans, and the Brits, have had their rise and demise. They used to say, “The sun never sets on the British empire.” It was setting now, at least after returning from the world I created for myself. It was all written on the faces of the people on the train, the resignation and ambivalence. Fallen, fallen is Babylon the Great.</p>
<p>Perhaps I was just projecting or attributing blame for the system that failed me and forced me to become someone else. All I wanted was to have a family, love my wife and raise my kids, teach them what I believed in, and then one day retire, perhaps on a small tropical island like Mauritius.</p>
<p>Maybe I was just jaded to be there under the same problematic circumstances, but something deep inside my heart told me this was the last time I visited. It was hard for me to reconcile where I was with how I felt and everything that happened, so perhaps I judged what used to be my home with undeserved harshness. Whatever it was, there was an apparent dissonance between the place and how I felt.</p>
<p>Luckily, the train ride ended, and I walked out to Paddington. Everything changed when I saw Marks &amp; Spencer, and I smiled. My mood improved. This is what it took to turn everything around and fall in love with the country again.</p>
<p>Every place has its own unique quirks, advantages, and disadvantages. I went inside, bought a scotch egg, paid at the counter, and took a bite.</p>
<p>“Mmm,” it was the taste I remembered. That’s what was missing in my life. Scotch eggs and those terrible sausages that make you burp and give you indigestion. They are so awful that you can’t find them anywhere, no matter how much money you’re prepared to pay. I was certain Gaspard would hand in his notice if I asked him to fry them.</p>
<p>I decided not to experiment, so I climbed two flights of stairs, got a takeaway Starbucks in the passage, and I was inside the Hilton hotel. It felt weird to be there when I still paid the rent for my apartment. I just didn’t want to go back there. Too many memories, both good and bad.</p>
<p>Hot showers always make everything feel better. I booked myself into the best room they had available. It was nothing special and a far cry from what I had built in Belle Mare, even before the renovation.</p>
<p>Sitting on the bed in my bathrobe, I wondered, “What do I do now?” Half a day had passed, but I didn’t feel like walking outside in the rain. It was cold, filthy, and depressing. Then, a thought popped into my head, and I almost giggled like a teenager.</p>
<p>“Hey babe, it’s me. I am in town. Wanna fuck?” I called a friend I hadn’t seen for a long time. “Yes, Hilton, Paddington. Indeed. One more thing; dress like a slut.” Emma hung up, and I took off my clothes and lay naked on the bed, instructing the receptionist to give her a spare key.</p>
<p>Some forty minutes later, Emma came inside after tapping on a door a few times. She saw me naked and spread-eagled on the bed, playing with my erect cock. She smiled.</p>
<p>“You are bad,” she said. I reached into my wallet, pulled out a twenty-pound note, placed it on the pillow, and winked.</p>
<p>“I want to fuck you like a cheap whore.” Emma’s face turned almost purple, staring at me, shaking her head. “Undress slowly, give me a dance, then crawl over and eat my asshole.”</p>
<p>Emma’s hands trembled, and she bit her lip. We often played it this way, exchanging filthy texts and video files. After the first time we had sex, she told me her secrets. One of her biggest turn-ons and fantasies was to dress up like a streetwalker and get used by men.</p>
<p>Of course, she would never act on that. Emma was always prim and proper and enunciated her consonants, but I made her feel like a slut. When I made her laugh at that time in the hospital, something broke the fourth wall, and she opened up. We became great friends over time, and I wasn’t going back without making her an offer. Emma was too nice of a person to relegate to memory. I was sure there was a place for her in the world I created.</p>
<p>Emma undressed slowly, dropping clothing items to the floor piece by piece. I almost gasped, feeling my cock twitch, seeing her two generous mammaries again. Like the marathon runners, Emma was built to go the distance. She knelt on the floor and crawled over, licking her lips with a catlike smile, a predator sneaking up on its dangling prey.</p>
<p>Emma licked my foot and bit my calf, growling and purring, using her nails, edging so slowly towards my cock and balls. It was excruciating, tantalising, deliciously decadent. She gave my cockhead a gentle kiss before massaging my balls with her tongue.</p>
<p>“That’s it, slut. Take it in deeper; swallow it whole. Yes, good girl. Who’s daddy’s little whore?” Emma’s face turned almost purple, and her tits broke out in goosebumps while her nipples stood upright like two soldiers saluting the fags. They waved in sync as she gulped down my cock, making her massive tits look like udders waiting to be milked.</p>
<p>“Say, moo,” I said, and her face turned a shade darker.</p>
<p>“Mmmm,” Emma moaned, trying to swallow my rigid member. I could feel her throat muscles close around it, adding to the sensation.</p>
<p>“Stop. Come here,” I pulled her upwards. Emma was doing such a good job, but I had other plans. I turned her sideways, lying with her chest across my knees, then massaged her firm bubble butt with my hands, watching with admiration as her soaking-wet pink pussy lips parted and closed like a fish trying to breathe outside water.</p>
<p>“Mmm, no. Please, Jim, not this,” she moaned. I could feel her leg muscles trying to close.</p>
<p>“Stop this, slut,” I slapped her ass so hard it instantly turned red, and she yelped. “Open wide. Don’t you dare close your legs again?” Emma squealed into the pillow but let me proceed unabated, rubbing my index finger against her puckered asshole.</p>
<p>I reached into the nightstand drawer to pull out a plastic bag I bought at Ann Summers shop. Emma yelped again. Her butt and legs broke out in goosebumps when she felt cold gel applied to her anus.</p>
<p>“Please, Jim,” she pleaded, not daring to close her legs. Emma’s face was burning in humiliation while her pussy was drooling from excitement.</p>
<p>“Oooh, no, please, it’s too big. Please, Jim, I’ll do anything, just not this.” I ignored Emma’s distress, pushing a little harder on the other end, rolling my hand in circles, watching her sphincter stretch until it looked perfectly round, like outstretched lips biting an apple. She screamed, and her pussy started to pump as soon as her asshole closed around a brand-new butt plug. It was the biggest one I could find, about the same circumference as a can of Coke.</p>
<p>“Take it out! Take it out, please,” Emma begged, pulling on the bedsheets with her clutching hands.</p>
<p>“Shut up and take it, whore,” I said, rolling her on her back and climbing on top of her. Emma was impossibly tight. I struggled to push my cock into her sopping insides. The butt plug took up almost all the space.</p>
<p>“Aaah,” Emma screamed in orgasm as soon as she felt my cock plunge all the way. I waited a minute, letting her ride the feeling before I started to pump. It was hard. I could feel the butt plug pressing on my cock, a tight fit, adding to the experience.</p>
<p>Emma only got louder, cumming over and over about every minute, feeling used and violated as I mercilessly jackhammered into her, uninterested in her pleasure, slapping her massive tits and pulling on her nipples. I was enacting a play she shared with me once. Emma only believed it would ever happen in real life. I was determined to give it my best.</p>
<p>“Aaargh,” I screamed, blasting my cum deep into her orifice, filling her womb, and hosing down her ovaries. “Take it, you slut. I hope you get pregnant from that.” Emma only gurgled and panted, too far gone in her own pleasure. She bit her lip, and her pupils dilated. Her body bounced while her hips gyrated. It was a big one, and I smiled.</p>
<p>It took us twenty minutes of cuddling embraced before our breathing slowed down, and Emma cooed into my ear, telling me how much she missed me. We lay like that for some time, whispering sweet nothings to each other.</p>
<p>“Get dressed,” I ordered, handing over her dress. I took her intricate lace panties and put them into my pocket. Emma’s eyes spoke volumes, the words her lips kept hidden. She gave me her hand, and I pulled her downstairs, nodding to the doorman who waved a black cab.</p>
<p>We could have walked it, but who has the time, down to the Marble Arch, then to Oxford Street, all the way to Shaftesbury Avenue, and through a park to a place I knew from some other life.</p>
<p>It was still there, at the edges of SOHO. Emma looked at me like a lost soul. Her palms were wet, and her chin trembled. I snorted like a Cambridge-educated twat, and rolled my eyes like a millennial teenager. Emma didn’t dare ask any questions. All of it was self-explanatory in the end.</p>
<p>“I’ll take these,” I said to the shopkeeper, pointing at a pair of silver studs.</p>
<p>“Please, sit here, miss,” he said, pointing at the private cabinet at the back. Emma’s eyes watered, but she managed to keep her tears in check while I rolled down her dress, releasing her magnificent breasts to the view of a stranger.</p>
<p>Like in a haze, Emma watched the man rub her nipple erect with the alcohol. He took a small tool with a practised hand and pushed a needle inside. Emma screamed, squeezing my hand with all her might, then again when the man pierced her other nipple. The entire process took about twenty minutes. We were in and out. I paid, and we were gone.</p>
<p>“Why are you looking at me this way,” Emma asked, and I just smiled, enjoying the impression her two pierced nipples left on the dress. Anyone who had a look at her from up close could tell Emma’s nipples were pierced.</p>
<p>She was in shock, enough for the taxi ride to seem like mere minutes. We were expected, and the usher of a posh restaurant welcomed us in and showed us the table. It was a nice, cosy place for affluent clientele to enjoy the best fine dining London had to offer. Cassie and Shay found the place. It belonged to another Chamber member. I moved in different circles now. The world looked different when my metamorphosis was complete.</p>
<p>“Why this? What does this mean?” Emma asked, discretely pointing at her erect nipples. In the privacy of our booth and cosy atmosphere, her dress seemed to come alive, following the sinew of her curves.</p>
<p>“It means that you belong to me now. You are my property.” I chuckled, noticing something akin to panic rising on her face. Emma and I have been talking for a long time, and she told me all her fantasies. The biggest one was of her being a prostitute, but as time went on, she told me the rest. Emma had plenty of time to expand on the initial statement, adding taste and colour only imagination can paint about belonging to a pimp, having no free will, being whored out, and used for sex.</p>
<p>Who am I to judge other people’s fantasies? Who could say what is good or bad, right or wrong in this age? We live at a precipice, the end of Western civilisation, where up is down and being a whore is celebrated online while chastity is a mental illness. In words eternalised by the cinema, “life is like a box of chocolate,” until you put it in your mouth and realise it’s just brown. I used to identify with Forrest Gump at times until I realised it wasn’t me but everyone else who’s retarded.</p>
<p>It was getting dark. The sun was setting on Britain. It used to be great once, but the war criminals and pig fuckers have made it less. The time was nigh to cash all the chips and call it a day. It was the curtain call for the West.</p>
<p>The food was excellent, and so was the wine. I dropped twenty grand on a bottle. It was my way of saying farewell to the land I once loved. This was the hardest part of all. I have lived, loved, and I had lost. The time has come for some other people, some other faiths, to test their fate. This country of mine used to be home, but my story was ending. It was time to turn another page and embrace a different destiny. A man is what he believes. At least, Fyodor Dostoyevsky seemed to think that.</p>
<p>Emma held onto my arm like a limpet, clicking her heels like Dorothy, looking into my eyes like someone in love with great expectations and great hopes. It was a mild evening, and people buzzed, going about their lives like busy bees, oblivious to my internal turmoil. It hurt to breathe. Until this moment, the finality of what I’ve done hasn’t fully registered. Somewhere at the back of my mind, I always said, “I could come back anytime,” but it was just a coping mechanism. In my heart of hearts, I knew what it was. This was the last time I saw London.</p>
<p>Later that evening, I languished in a warm bathtub, inhaling the fragrant salts as my hands explored Emma’s luxurious curves, poked, prodded, kneaded and rubbed while she moaned. Emma’s eyes were closed, and her eyelids fluttered. My gaze was focused on the mirror on the other side, showing me her perfectly smooth pussy as her hips gyrated, bringing her lower part in and out of foamy water. This was the life.</p>
<p>It was the fitting end for the adventure, years in the making, now at its sunset. Whatever happens now is unpredictable. I was torn between two feelings, one of profound tiredness and another of nervous eagerness, so I lingered. I balanced on the knife’s edge, holding on by the single strands of hair, taunting myself with all that held me back versus the life that unfolded ahead. Nobody can fight time or their destiny; they only linger and look into the abyss.</p>
<p>Emma moaned as I flipped her over so her tits pressed into my chest, and we kissed while I gently pulled and pushed her butt plug out. Her asshole stretched and closed like a pupil of an eye.</p>
<p>“I’m going to fuck that ass of yours tonight and fill it with my cum,” I said, and Emma shuddered.</p>
<p>“Whatever you want,” she said. Life has its little idiosyncrasies. It made me smile. The road behind me all but vanished into the haze of memories, like a bad dream after getting drunk. I was waking up from a headache. There was only one thing left: to make the moment memorable.</p>
<p>I pulled Emma out of the bath and threw her on the bed, spread her legs wide, and dove for her pussy with my tongue, still playing with her butt plug as I went. Perhaps I would make her keep it inside. She loved how it made her feel, especially in public, where I made her sit on it during our posh dinner.</p>
<p>Emma screamed in the first orgasm of the night. It was an overture to the concert, and I smiled. Life made a full circle, and I was where I started; only the world changed, but I remained the same, or perhaps I became who I never knew myself to be. On some more profound level, I must have known it. We all have the potential for good, bad and evil. There is greatness in all of us, but we lack faith. Faith and fate are inexorably connected. Only faith can change our fate, and I was a believer. I let go of the threads that bound me to my past, let myself go and fell with my tongue into Emma’s insides. She screamed again. What is life other than what we make of it? Impressive are horses or elephants which have been well-trained, but more impressive are individuals who have tamed themselves.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>I was sitting at the head of the desk inside the conference room I rented from the hotel, typing something on my laptop, when a knock on the glass door came. One of the receptionists opened the door, and three men in business suits walked in with Tina behind them. Our eyes met for a second, and hers were full of hate. She scowled at me, and I smiled. Gone were the days when I was scared of witches. Now, the only fairy tales in my life were the ones I read to my children before sleep.</p>
<p>“May we?” one of the men asked, pointing at the chairs on the other side of the desk. I shrugged in response. He sat at the head with his two colleagues to his left and Tina to his right, flashing them a winning smile. One of them slid their business card across to me, and I caught it before tossing it into the garbage. The men looked uncomfortable, scowling in response to my unexpected action. It was amusing to watch their discomfort.</p>
<p>“Why are we here?” I asked, wishing to get it over with as soon as possible. One of the men handed me a yellow manila folder and slid it across the table. It contained a lawsuit for the custody of my children.</p>
<p>“You can’t do that. We had an agreement. I gave your client a million pounds, and she signed away her parental rights.” Tina suppressed her laughter.</p>
<p>“We’ll address the one million pounds later. We contend that Tina signed it under financial duress, which you are solely responsible for by not paying court-ordered alimony.”</p>
<p>“All right, what’s next?” The guy slid another manila folder with another lawsuit alleging that I lied during the divorce proceedings and that I hid a million pounds in marital assets. It was another good one, and I congratulated the lawyers. They did their research.</p>
<p>“This is all conjecture. Where is the evidence?” The lawyers were a bit light on that, but they played a good game, dragging my kids into the process, threatening to submit them to child psychologists, and alleging I was preventing their gender expression. I got bored after some time and started playing Minesweeper on my computer while they went through the litany of all sorts of things they would do to my kids, the mud they would drag them through, and all the emotional damage it would cause.</p>
<p>“Cut the shit. You wasted too much of my time. What is it that you want?”</p>
<p>“Hundred million pounds.” The main guy blurted out. I had to give it to them. They came prepared.</p>
<p>“What makes you think I have such money?” They slid another folder at me with pictures of me on my ship or next to my plane. There were plenty of them with a cutout from several tabloid newspapers wondering who the secretive billionaire going around the world is, paying no taxes. I had to give it to Tina. She did a great job finding the best sleaze ball lawyers, working on commission to rip off the rich men. It was a highway robbery, and the worst part of it was that they had the case, a weak one, but still potentially damaging for my children. It was time to bring this nonsense home.</p>
<p>“This is all wonderful, but if you had done your job properly, you would have discovered none of this is in my name.”</p>
<p>“That’s because you used a complex network of shell corporations and intermediaries. The court will issue subpoenas for these records, and we will discover the truth in due course.”</p>
<p>“This could take years, possibly a decade, and by that time, both boys would be of adult age, so none of this would matter.”</p>
<p>“It could still cause the kids immeasurable harm to be dragged like this from court to court, prodded and examined. You don’t want that.” This is where I laughed.</p>
<p>“Finally, we can agree on something. I absolutely wouldn’t want this, which is why it will never happen.” They looked at me with big eyes as I sat up straight in my chair and looked at them, changing my tone of voice. No more Mr Nice Jim. He was dead, gone, and buried. “Here’s what’s going to happen. You will go to court and try to sue me, then they will throw it out.” They shook their heads, trying to process all that.</p>
<p>“Why would they do that?”</p>
<p>“Simple,” I laughed, remembering the old Count Conti and the favour he did for me and that white envelope he gave me containing the documents. That was the price I paid with my company, not the apartment I got in the deal. “My kids don’t exist in the British legal system. I renounced their British citizenship. And before you start building your house of cards, I also renounced my citizenship. All three of us are citizens of Monaco now, and your client, Tina, is completely irrelevant. Nothing is tying her to my children where we live, and this will never happen because she is not a Monaco citizen. My kids won’t step foot on British soil until they are eighteen. They are beyond your reach.”</p>
<p>The lawyers were stunned, muttering something to each other as Tina tried to interject. They shushed her, and she grew increasingly loud until she lost her composure and screamed at me, hurling a string of insults my way. I could see the ships sinking in her eyes. I knew what I did with Tina wouldn’t hold water for more than a year until she figured out how to screw me over again and suck out whatever she could, so I made my plan.</p>
<p>It is strange how some people are unable to solve complex problems. There are too many variables at the same time to figure out the right approach. All of this was only about my children in the first place. I had a desired outcome in mind and worked backwards to the start. I didn’t start the company to be rich and then figure out what to do with my children. Instead, I figured out how to take my kids away and found someone to help me with that. Count Conti wouldn’t do it for free, so I needed the right leverage. I couldn’t have come to him if I wasn’t a part of The Society, which I wouldn’t get invited to if I wasn’t a member of The Chamber. It is easy to see all the dominos after they fell.</p>
<p>This brought us back to Dan. He was a wildcard, and I used his knowledge of attracting women to seduce everyone and create exactly the life I wanted. My women played a critical role in my plan, not just random bystanders caught in a wake. They were all black and white stones on a “go” board, not pawns but warriors. It reminded me of my favourite Sun Tzu quote from his famous book, The Art of War. “All men can see these tactics whereby I conquer, but what none can see is the strategy out of which victory is evolved.” I played my game one battle at a time until my strategy revealed itself.</p>
<p>“My turn now,” I said, and everyone quieted down as I reached into my bag and pulled out the manilla envelope. It was full of Tina’s text messages, audio and video transcripts, and emails where she threatened to abuse my children to get her revenge. It was recorded and notarised with affidavits from the lawyers who witnessed some of that.</p>
<p>“My lawyer used this to start criminal charges against your client. You are right, I am rich, much richer than you imagine, and there’s one thing you should know about rich people. We have friends in high places. I will take this hundred million you wanted and pay it, not to you but to someone else who will spend every penny to ruin you personally and your business. Your entire family will be under a microscope. Your kids won’t get into universities. You will never get another loan again, nor will your family, neighbours or friends. Anyone whom you’ve ever cared for will have their lives ruined. And if a hundred million is not enough, I will pay a hundred more, and I will never stop. It will never stop, and you can do nothing about it. You have permanently ruined your lives and careers by threatening my children. I will slowly erase your seed into poverty until your entire bloodline disappears from the gene pool. I will erase you from human history.”</p>
<p>Like on cue, my phone bleeped, and I gave them an evil grin. “I expect your phones will ring in a minute,” I said with a sneer. “You have just been fired, and an investigation was launched into legal malpractice.” I switched on the TV behind me, and the lawyers on the other side of the Zoom call gave them evil smiles.</p>
<p>All three of them turned pale in their faces. They were about to stand up when their phones rang, but they were too scared to pick them up, so I grinned and reached into the bag, pulling out a small sack and sliding it to Tina.</p>
<p>“Your client was right. Upon auditing my assets after the divorce settlement, I found this. It was an honest mistake, and I offer my apologies. I correct it now by giving you the entirety of those assets. She looked around and found thirty coins.</p>
<p>”What is that?“ she asked, looking at me with daggers in her eyes.</p>
<p>”Thirty pieces of silver.“ I pointed at the door. ”Now, please leave.“ I could see the lawyers’ hands trembling and their pale foreheads covered with a thin sheen of perspiration as they put their stuff into their suitcases.</p>
<p>”Tina, just a moment,“ I said as Tina was about to follow them out. She looked at me with ultimate hatred.</p>
<p>”What is it?“</p>
<p>”If I hear from you or see you again, I will kill you,“ her eyes got big, and her tears bubbled out. She could see it in every pore, every nuance of my speech, every tone of my voice—I wasn’t bluffing. ”Goodbye, Tina,“ she shuddered, feeling the finality in my voice. There would be no negotiating or discussions anymore. I came to London to say that sentence and go home.</p>
<p>Tina left, and that was the end. They made an empty threat; I made an empty threat. I didn’t want to take her to court for the same reason why I didn’t want to see her in court. It was always for the sake of my boys. We had a good life now, and I was their father. Nobody would ever come in between us, and I would protect them with every breath I had, but it wasn’t just me anymore. All my women saw Liam and Callum as their own, and there would be hell to pay if anyone even looked at them the wrong way. All of my women were fiercely protective of our children.</p>
<p>I walked out of the meeting room long after the lawyers were gone. They would return tonight to their homes just to learn that the bank pulled their mortgages. This wasn’t an act of revenge but a clear message to anyone who might even think of trying again, ”don’t fuck with my children.“</p>
<p>The lawyers knew the game was over the moment I told them that the kids were now Monaco citizens. Everything I did served a purpose, plans within plans, games within games, all deeply calculated. To have a claim, the lawyers would have to bring it under the Monaco jurisdiction, which was probably the most expensive place in the world. Tina would have to finance flights and their stay there, and she wanted the money because she was penniless in the first place. The lawyers knew they couldn’t fund that, especially on a wobbly case that could take years to complete with delays, schedule changes, and a million other ways. The kids were mine to stay, and nobody could change that.</p>
<p>It was still early outside, and I had plenty of errands to run, visit several banks and businesses, close some accounts and open others. With all the money pouring into my Mauritius development, I bought a small private bank in Monaco and created a branch in London. It made it easier for the clients to transfer the cash. I had one more trip to New York to do the same. I felt strangely unburdened after meeting those lawyers, and I expected to never see or hear from Tina again. It was finally done, and she was gone from my life. If she ever resurfaced, I’d pay someone to take care of that. Accidents happen every day.</p>
<p>The evening slowly arrived, although it was hard to tell time by looking at the grey skies above, the source of seasonal affective disorders. I found myself inside a pub where my old colleagues often frequented to join one of them for a pint of Guinness.</p>
<p>”So, how are things back in the office?“ I asked, taking a sip.</p>
<p>”You got out in time,“ Wilfred said. He was a second-generation Nigerian immigrant, a fun guy with a sunny disposition, and a competent engineer from another group with whom my team worked. ”After you left, things started to turn bad. Diarmaid was fired, but the management kept the reason secret. Nobody knows where he is now.“</p>
<p>I did. Diarmaid was dead. He ended up in prison, where he was killed in an altercation with inmates. Diarmaid always had that legendary short fuse. One just had to know how to push his buttons the right way, and it turned out someone figured out how to do it in the prison, and that was the end for Diarmaid.</p>
<p>When I found out, I was curious to know what had happened to his family, and I was surprised to learn that his wife had disappeared. It was like she had dropped off the planet. His daughter passed away in a hospital, and his son was arrested and sentenced to an institution for criminally insane, charged with multiple murders. The entire family disintegrated within a year of Diarmaid going to prison. It got me thinking about what role Lexi played in any of this. Perhaps it was something I would never know, belonging to another tale. My story was ending anyway. A few more days here, and I will be on my plane, going home.</p>

</body>
</html>
