<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Chapter 54 - Final farewell</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d2ac5837-3255-4420-aeeb-d3afafd4fd37" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Chapter 54 - Final farewell</h2>
<p>It took me a couple of days to sort everything out, dealing with the greatest British invention: red tape. In the end, all was done, and I found myself inside The Chamber in the evening. People I hadn’t seen in a long time came over to shake my hand and congratulate me on becoming a dad again. Several of them were in touch with Cassie, who was helping them purchase a property in Belle Mare.</p>
<p>My new business was a great success. Five members of The Chamber already owned villas there, at least on paper. Teams from a dozen construction companies worked around the clock to build the properties, but the area was so vast that it seemed like it was moving at a snail’s pace. We had our own water reclamation system, straight from the sea, then into a reverse osmosis system, then into the subterranean tanks and pumping stations to provide enough for pools being built.</p>
<p>Each building would have a secondary reverse osmosis system that produced clean drinking water and stored it in tanks. All the roofs would be covered in solar cells that heated up throughout the day. We used clean water to cool the cells or, instead, to heat the water up and push it into an evaporation chamber that collected the condensate and trickled it into a mineral filter before going into tanks. It was a slow but constant process that could produce up to a hundred litres per day of the purest, mineral-enriched distilled drinking water, much more than anyone could spend for drinking or cooking alone.</p>
<p>Everything we built was state-of-the-art. All the buildings had fiberoptic cables to connect to the internet. There were WiFi corners in every nook and cranny, all going through the firewall that my guys in Dubai supported, which would filter out all the shit and nonsense on the internet and present a clean and safe environment for the children. We built our own AI system to access new web pages and read them, understanding what they were about and banning them in almost real-time if they weren’t safe for the children.</p>
<p>This alone was a great selling point for the estate. The villas cost tens of millions to buy but only about a hundred thousand dollars to make and furnish. I bought a massive furniture company in Italy to make the most exclusive designs for the estate, using the finest materials like ostrich leather and such. It cost me peanuts to make, and I sold it at astronomical prices. Nobody even blinked.</p>
<p>Ahmad, from whom I bought the Dubai house, was one of our most valuable clients. He had the foresight to invest in an entire block of apartments off-plan, spending billions of dollars hoping to double his investment by selling them to wealthy Emiratis once construction was complete. It wasn’t just the exclusivity of the development that attracted him, but the security it provided for his children. In this community, parents could allow their kids to play freely without worrying about them being harmed. There were no predators or radical ideologies present to hurt the young residents. It was a safe haven from the political influences of other countries with questionable moral codes. It’s no wonder that those with money were interested in this opportunity.</p>
<p>“The prodigal son returns,” I heard the voice with a strong French accent, turned around, and there he was.</p>
<p>“Pierre, in the flesh!” I embraced the man, remembering the first time we met. Pierre and I became good friends. Of course, he was one of the first to buy a villa in Belle Mare with a special discount. I liked to live next to my friends, and he thanked me with a special discount on his chocolate. Gaspard almost melted from happiness when I gave him a sample and explained the deal I made. It was the best and most expensive chocolate in the world to be served next to our exclusive dates. I even expanded the date business to include dry figs with the same principle. They were selling like hotcakes.</p>
<p>The Frenchman sat beside me and ordered a cocktail, saying, “Thanks for this, Jim. It’s wonderful. I can’t stop drinking it.” We clinked our glasses, enjoying our Gaspard Fresh.</p>
<p>I wanted to propose something, so I started laying out my idea. The hotel was finished and fully staffed. We moved all the local workers to the central building and had them take care of the places being built. Everyone would need their house cleaned, grass cut, pool maintained, or something serviced, and the team would take care of that. Laundry and washing, drying and ironing. In my vision, the estate provided a complete service.</p>
<p>I wanted to extend The Chamber by offering VIP members a meeting place for one million per year. This would operate on the same principles as The Chamber, and they could bring up to two guests and stay up to a week each month. Alternatively, they could pay a hundred grand for a week, bringing up to two guests, but could only stay in the main building, not the bungalows, which were available only to VIP members who paid for a year.</p>
<p>The members could purchase a villa, including a one-year complimentary club membership. This was the same offer I had extended to the Society members, and several dozen had already taken advantage of it. A million-dollar membership was a significant discount on the cost of the house. It would become active once the total amount was cleared. Pierre patted my knee and chuckled. It was an excellent sales pitch, and he had fallen for it the first time around. Now, I was expanding it to a broader audience. Wealthy individuals from New York and London to Saudi Arabia and Qatar bought lavish properties worth hundreds of millions of dollars.</p>
<p>A villa that cost me about a hundred thousand to build would go for ten million off plan, and it was the smallest one we offered before getting into apartments. They were selling out faster than I could market them. Many mid-level multimillionaires looking to become billionaires bought them up, hoping to rub shoulders with the right kind of people at the club and make lasting connections.</p>
<p>I already had over a thousand private accounts in my Monaco private bank with satellite offices in London and soon New York, which I took upon myself to facilitate while the girls opened the offices in Dubai, New Delhi, Moscow, Hong Kong, Singapore, Johannesburg and Tokyo. My plan was almost complete. Only a few small things were left to complete before I went back home and lived happily ever after, taking up my full-time role of a father and handing over the keys to the enterprise to my women and kids when they grew up. The purpose of life is to live it, and I intend to do just that.</p>
<p>Pierre shook my hand, obviously interested. He planned to spend at least half a year in Mauritius after his villa was finished, and he wanted as many of his old friends as possible to join him in the adventure. Duty called. Some new prospects arrived, and Pierre asked to be excused.</p>
<p>I waved to the waiter, who brought me two more cocktails. By the time they arrived, Lexi had sat down on the other side of me. We clinked our glasses together, and she pushed her briefcase over to me. I opened it up, mostly out of nostalgia rather than to check its contents. A million dollars in gold coins was neatly stacked inside acrylic holders. It was the same gold I had given Tina, who then passed it on to her ex-boyfriend.</p>
<p>“It is all there,” Lexi said with a smile, preempting any questions about how it ended up in her hands. I took my phone and tapped on it for a few seconds, and Lexi’s phone bleeped.</p>
<p>“It is all there,” I said, smiling back after transferring fifty thousand in crypto I owed her for the job well done.</p>
<p>“This is a fantastic cocktail,” Lexi said, changing the subject. Our business was over, and we were just friends again.</p>
<p>“Remember that place in Mauritius that you liked? I found the owner, and he will sell it to you for a reasonable amount.” Lexi loved Mauritius and went there for a holiday, falling in love with an old French colonial chateau on the hill. I visited it once, and it looked so serene, a perfect getaway from all the buzz of the world. Lexi had dreamed of owning it for a long time. She recently came into some financial fortune, making all of it possible.</p>
<p>“Thank you,” she said with a smile, checking the info on her phone.</p>
<p>“Just remember, Belle Mare is out of limits for you. I don’t want to ever see you there.” Lexi’s eyes flashed like daggers, and her face instantly changed to a scowl. She knew that I knew what she had done, but I was too rich and powerful to mess with, and I had my women who would pick her apart if anything happened to me or our children.</p>
<p>Lexi nodded, finished her cocktail, fixed her dress, and excused herself. She had other businesses to attend to and other webs to weave. Lexi always made me smile whenever I remembered our first night together. She kept my mind straight, focused, and always supported me for a price.</p>
<p>I lay back on a plush leather sofa, sipping my drink and watching the people talk, drink and laugh. They sometimes reminded me of Mary Howitt’s poem. “Will you walk into my parlour? Said the Spider to the Fly. ’Tis the prettiest little parlour that ever you did spy.” It made me smile. Games within games, like the onion peels. Everyone presented a mask to hide what they wanted no one to see. In the end, life could be like a computer game, cause and effect, and sometimes you must choose the most unintuitive path to throw the opponents of their game. I have been misjudged and misinterpreted all my life, but not anymore. In the moment when all the masks fall, there is no Jim anymore, just me, whoever I wanted to be, raw and unbridled, made of power, and the world was my game to keep me entertained. I have always loved good challenges and problems to be solved.</p>
<p>Perhaps I took it too far and lost myself along the way. Was it a good thing or bad? Only the future will tell. My life might inspire someone one day or serve as a cautionary tale. Nothing is ever the way it appears. We hide behind layers of masks, weaving our webs constantly, presenting a different face to our friends and children. That’s why when we look into a mirror, we can hardly recognise ourselves because all it reflects is what we project, not the truth behind the veils.</p>
<p>I was merely an IT guy who noticed an opportunity to make myself indispensable, so I invested time and effort into a company that profited from it. The concept of supply and demand is straightforward. I did my job and received a salary of a thousand pounds per day after taxes, which was all I required to live a decent life and care for my children. I could have easily led the rest of my life without any of this nonsense happening.</p>
<p>When my wife cheated on me, everything changed, and I was forced to use my brain for something different. It was a challenge, and I was disadvantaged, a shy boy raised by his mother with mild Asperger, a high-functioning one, as they liked to call it. I didn’t get a great deal when socialising with people. That’s why I became introverted after I was bullied in school and focused on books and knowledge, getting good grades and even a scholarship to Cambridge.</p>
<p>I watched big guys, small guys, weak guys, and strong guys interact with women and each other, drawing up commonalities, extracting behavioural patterns, analysing them statistically, and learning from observing. And what did I find out? Nobody is born with social skills. It is something that is learned. I was good at learning, as most intelligent people are, especially the technical ones like myself. We have an analytical mind that can categorise and compartmentalise. Analysts love causalities and sequences that lead to events. The key was adapting my thinking and finding the best teacher. It was Dan.</p>
<p>When I began implementing my plan, it was straightforward—just getting my boys and neutralising my ex-wife. However, as my power grew, so did my appetite. Simply getting the boys was no longer enough for me. I wanted to create a world for them, so I carefully wove my web like a spider, making my play. The key to the game of chances is knowing when to quit and cash out your chips, and I have reached this point. There was nothing more I desired than to raise my children and have more of them. Dan would be astonished if he knew what I did with all his knowledge. I took it to another level and created a monster. Perhaps I was a monster myself.</p>
<p>When I visited Dubai, I often looked at my friends and my IT colleagues working every day, shaking their heads when learning about my life. It wasn’t this hard to succeed, but they lacked faith. They didn’t believe they could do the same thing as me. They rejected the thought that social skills could be learned and that they could make themselves attractive to others. It made me laugh sometimes. They knew how to talk about programming languages, and they learned how to ask for food by talking to their parents.</p>
<p>None of this was inherent; all of it was learned. The endless excuses they used to self-limit and procrastinate only reinforced the belief that they couldn’t do anything about their lives. Like me, at some time, they believed that the cruel destiny dealt them a set of cards, and they couldn’t find their way out of it because of all the fear in their lives. It was the system, the constant programming of schools and media, telling men, “You are nothing. You are toxic. You are rapists,” and telling women that they need to find jobs, be strong and independent, and never serve a filthy man. It was all a pile of shit, but they believed it was like a gospel. It became the religion of the new modern age.</p>
<p>How is a slut shaking her tits on TikTok more valuable than a virgin who would refuse to sleep with any other man but her husband, raise her family and educate her children? We lived in messed up times when the up is down, and being an internet prostitute on a fan site, shoving massive dildos up her asshole until it bled, is somehow considered a career. The girls would cringe in disgust when a twenty-year-old girl admitted she was a virgin, as if it were shameful to not be gang-banged by half the high school football team or suck strangers’ cocks at parties.</p>
<p>I had plenty of daughters now and loved them with all my heart. I knew exactly how to raise them and what values I should impart. They will know what it means to have a loving, supportive family and be raised with a peer group of kids with the same mindset. By the time they passed puberty and became adults, there would be no need to police their minds. All my children would learn to live, be strong and independent with good values. We’ll sit in our tropical estate and watch the Western world eat itself inside out. The only way to win that game was not to play.</p>
<p>I barely recognised Jack as he approached my table and shook my hand. He was the first true friend I made, putting me on a path to fixing my life. It was his advice that guided me to the right place. Jack sent me to Dan. He told me what to read and taught me how to understand the message written between the lines. While Dan focused on my exterior and identity, Jack glued it all together, leading me to discover myself. He made me find the detachment; within it, I found my faith. I finally figured out Jack’s riddles, and they made me laugh.</p>
<p>Jack was right. Only from the summit do you realise that it’s not the mountain that counts, but the climb. All the goals and wishes are just street signs often placed to confuse strangers and try a different road. It made me laugh to remember Jack’s stories, and I finally understood the one about the fish.</p>
<p>“If fishes were wishes,” I said with a smile.</p>
<p>“I would be the fisher of dreams.” He laughed in response. We finally understood each other, and I invited him to share a drink with me.</p>
<p>“I am sorry, my friend. My time is up. I have to leave. My job is done here.” I knew better than to ask the questions; it was another riddle. Jack looked older, and he shaved his head, grew his beard long, and looked thinner and stronger. “We are all on a journey somewhere.” He smiled and nodded.</p>
<p>“When will I see you again?” I asked.</p>
<p>“Oh, don’t worry, Jim. I’ll be around when you need me, but this is a road you have to travel alone.” It was another riddle. I couldn’t keep it in me anymore, so I stood up and hugged the man.</p>
<p>“One last thing, Jim. Do you know the story of Rumpelstiltskin?” Jack asked, grinning from ear to ear. I read it as a child. It was an old German folk tale about a strange little man and a princess who lied so she could marry the king. She bargained with the little man to guess his name or give him her firstborn child in exchange for spinning yarn into gold.</p>
<p>“My name is not Jack. You’ll know how to find me when you figure out my real name.”</p>
<p>Jack’s laughter died out in the distance, leaving me standing, looking confused. That man loved his mystery. It was Jack’s way of playing with me. Jack, or whatever was his name, would remain my friend forever. I knew many people and made many friendships, but the one I had with Jack was special, and I didn’t want to lose it. Dan and Jack are two sides of the same coin. One healed me from the outside, while the other helped me find faith.</p>
<p>I looked around, and the place suddenly seemed so old. I caught myself unconsciously looking for Cassie. This place lost something special when she left. I said my goodbyes to the people I knew and walked out on the street. The rain stopped, and the night was mild, so I made my way into town, one foot in front of the other. No matter how much grudge I held, I knew deep in my heart I would miss this place with so much potential and hope if only the powerful cared.</p>
<p>The next day, I had many business meetings to attend, which involved signing an extensive amount of documents. The London branch of my Monaco bank was officially open. As a result, I only had one item left on my agenda for the day, so I indulged in a hearty meal and hailed a cab.</p>
<p>“Where to go, sir?”</p>
<p>“North London, Pentonville.” The man looked me up and down, turned on his meter and drove us away. Some forty minutes later, we stopped in front of the entrance. A large navy and white plate read, “Welcome to HMP Pentonville. Visitors, please follow the pedestrian route. No unauthorised vehicle allowed beyond this point,” with a royal seal on top.</p>
<p>I’ve never been to a prison before, so I walked on and presented my documents, passed through the scanners and ended up in a visitors section of the detention centre. Pentonville has made many headlines for violence, drug use, and overcrowding. It was the third worst prison in London and not a nice place.</p>
<p>Ten minutes later, a tall, muscular man with tattoos on his knuckles sat down and looked into my eyes with menace. I knew that if we met on the street, he wouldn’t hesitate to throw me a beating.</p>
<p>“What the fuck do you want?”</p>
<p>“Tut-tut, language, please.” He snorted, watching me pull out some pictures I printed of gold coins neatly stacked on yesterday’s newspapers. “Do you know what this is?” The man’s eyes popped. He stared at what I showed him, trying to comprehend what it meant.</p>
<p>“This is impossible. I gave it to…” then it clicked.</p>
<p>“Yes, you made Tina use my children to extort this money and give it to you.”</p>
<p>“But, but, that means that you…”</p>
<p>“Yes,” I laughed, placing all the photographs back in my envelope. The man began hissing at me, vowing to kill me once he was released, calling his friends and having them murder me. I simply shrugged.</p>
<p>“What did you think was going to happen? You are going to fuck my wife, then take my money, and I would just take it? Your biggest mistake was using my kids to threaten me. I could get over anything, but you dared to mess with my kids. Here’s what’s going to happen. In a week, the order will come that they found the gold with ten kilograms of heroin. Your prints will be all over it, and your sentence will triple. You will be classified as a dangerous criminal, and they will transport you to Belmarsh. I’m sure you’ll enjoy that. I paid scholarships for the children of a whole bunch of inmates. You know, the real violent types who like to beat and rape pretty boys like you, and they promised me you’ll have a huge welcome party, and they swore that you won’t spend a single day of your sentence feeling lonely. And before you think about guards, remember that they, too, have kids who all have received a scholarship letter. This is the last time you see me. I just wanted you to know a year from now when you can’t take it anymore and decide to kill yourself. It was all me.”</p>
<p>I stood and walked away, watching the tears roll down the man’s face. He just sat there without words, staring into nothingness. He had no doubt that everything I said was true. A man willing to sacrifice a million pounds to frame another would have no compunction about walking the distance.</p>
<p>The guards arrived to escort him to his cell. I observed his defeated demeanour through the window until he disappeared. Another task accomplished; just tying up the loose ends. The former Jim would have been appalled by this, but I was less concerned about the potential consequences and moral implications. As they say, “actions have consequences.” The man had fucked around a bit too much, and now he was going to find out. The school was back in session, and he just met the principal.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>“That’s it?” I asked, and my psychiatrist smiled at me.</p>
<p>“Yes, Jim. We are done. You don’t need my help anymore.” It took a long time for me to dig myself out of that hole. It all started about a year before I caught my wife having sex with her ex-boyfriend. I noticed a weird discrepancy in my monthly cash retrieval bills. Tina’s patterns changed, and I was out of pocket about a grand a month through small retrievals at the cash machine.</p>
<p>Typically, such things would never be noticed, but when I was a kid, my mother sent me to all sorts of specialists who diagnosed me with Asperger’s, but not only that. I also had a strange phenomenon, which they probed and dissected for two years before giving up. For some reason, I have always loved numbers. That’s how I learned to program the mainframe at work in hex code. It was just eight-bit binary code represented in a hexadecimal way where the base was sixteen instead of ten, and numbers went from zero to “F.” It was my favourite way of representing numbers.</p>
<p>The strange phenomenon that the doctors noticed was called synesthesia. I didn’t just like the numbers; I loved them. I could physically smell and taste them. Prime numbers tasted like mulberry, and the Fibonacci sequence smelled like forsythia. I was used to the smell and taste of Tina’s spending patterns, making it immediately noticeable as the taste changed.</p>
<p>I hired an investigator, and it took him a week to obtain the pictures for me. The day I received them, I immediately texted everyone that I had an emergency meeting to attend before checking into a hotel room, where I cried the entire weekend. Once I regained my composure, my first thought was of my children, and it took me six months to find the right psychiatrist who could help me cope with what was to come.</p>
<p>He helped me prepare myself and devise a plan to reunite with my children. My psychiatrist assisted me in readying myself and formulating a detailed strategy. One day, I arranged for the kids to be away on a school trip while I texted my wife that I would be working late. I was parked outside, observing through the window as Tina’s former boyfriend entered, followed by my arrival twenty minutes later with flowers in hand. It was then that things began to unfold, marking the commencement of my arduous journey to regain custody of my children.</p>
<p>I knew that the courts would rule in her favour because they were biased, so I did everything I could to tip the scales the other way. It wasn’t enough to get the children; I had to destroy my ex-wife forever, ruin her credibility for future court cases, and make her even doubt her sanity. It was painful but necessary, and my psychiatrist helped me through it, the heartbreak, the revenge. He advised and supported me all the way, and I came to thank the man for his help. The psychiatrist was the only one who knew my plan. He was the only one who saw me for what I was beneath the masks.</p>
<p>“You are a special case, Jim,” the psychiatrist said when we met, studying my case file containing all the tests. I joined MENSA as a teenager and played Bobby Fischer to test myself some years before he died. I won three to nil, but I never had much interest in chess. It was too limiting. I loved to play “Go” with the experts. One day, a friend at a major tech company gave me secret access to their AI “Go” system that got the world champion obliterated, and I won three-nil.</p>
<p>I wasn’t a better player in either case. I just didn’t play the board the same way. This was always the problem with all those games and artificial systems. They were made to adapt to a particular gameplay, looking two or three steps ahead. Those were all just numbers, like a two-dimensional eight-by-eight matrix for chess. And I played all the moves at once. If I flattened the chess board in my head into a sequence of numbers, it was as easy for me to figure out what someone played as tasting vanilla or chocolate. I could literally taste and smell the strategies my opponents played by faking their moves, getting into their minds even before they played them.</p>
<p>“I’m going to teach you how to use this incredible brain of yours to apply it to everything and come up with a plan to win. I will help you win your family back and build an incredible life. I will show you how to use your unique intelligence to create a sequence of events that will lead you to success.” My psychiatrist was right. He taught me how to apply maths to real life and how to recognise patterns and quantify them. He made me see the world in a completely different way.</p>
<p>Some people said I was a genius, but I was far from being one. I merely possessed an extremely narrow focus on an exceedingly small set of problems. Everything revolved around numbers for me. As a result, developing social skills proved to be a daunting undertaking. It required a highly skilled and knowledgeable teacher, coupled with a substantial effort on my part to decipher it in a manner that my brain could comprehend. My psychiatrist helped me with that.</p>
<p>My colleagues never understood why it was difficult for me to socialise, and I never understood their lack of self-confidence to try to improve. I started with a mental handicap as far as socialising was concerned and had to work ten times as hard to learn the basics as most people. It always baffled me when I looked at others living sullen, unexciting lives and constantly complaining about it. The men I knew lived in loveless marriages with a wife and children, turning into sole providers, finally getting divorced and doing nothing to change their future.</p>
<p>My psychiatrist was right; it hurt like hell when I got divorced. I cried and felt like killing myself, sinking deeper into depression, and experiencing the most terrible pain I ever felt in my life. He kept me stable, sane, and focused, spending hours on the phone with me, focused on my plan. As I sank deeper into depression, I lost my faith, most notably the belief in myself, and the days got darker as the world got smaller. Then, one day, everything changed, and I bought that lottery ticket. It was the catalyst, and I needed to put my life in order.</p>
<p>I made a plan, then another. It was like a game of “Go,” only much more sophisticated, so I played all the moves at once in my head, tweaking the numbers and shaping reality by tilting the table instead of applying gambits and strategies. Most men don’t fight when they lose, happily forking out cash just for the opportunity to see their children once a week, always on a short leash, but that was not what I wanted. I loved my boys and wanted to teach them how to become men, so I had to learn it myself.</p>
<p>“To see you happy and well-balanced is all the thanks that I need,” the psychiatrist said. I offered him money, but he just laughed and waved his hand.</p>
<p>“Thank you, doctor, for everything.”</p>
<p>“Our time is up, Jim. I am not your psychiatrist any more, only your friend. You don’t have to call me doctor now.” I nodded and smiled.</p>
<p>“Thank you, Cyrus.” We shook hands, and I was off.</p>

</body>
</html>
