<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
    <title>Epilogue</title>
    <meta name="EPB-UUID" content="d25b0dda-a490-452c-8cdb-4e2fe48713bc" />
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../css/book.css" type="text/css" />
</head>
<body>
    <h2>Epilogue</h2>
<p>“That’s quite some place you’ve got here, Jim,” Owen said, stretching out on his comfortable sun bed, sipping a Gaspard Fresh cocktail and nibbling on chocolate-covered figs and dates. He had recently retired after successfully taking his company to the next level and absorbing my former New York business just as planned. He signed a direct perpetual contract with my Dubai firm before we left, which made me an additional ten million dollars in yearly royalties. In return, I gave him a beautiful villa in Belle Mare. We both benefited from our arrangement.</p>
<p>“You did well for yourself, Jim,” he commented, admiring Anya’s luxurious body, heavily pregnant again. Someone, somewhere, knew how many kids I had. I refused to count them. I loved them as much as a father could love his sons and daughters, and I refused to quantify them.</p>
<p>Perhaps it was a silly way to think, but my life used to be controlled by numbers. I refused to count my women or children, as I loved them all more than I loved myself.</p>
<p>Owen decided to spend half a year in Belle Mare and the other half somewhere in Europe. I suspected it would be Frankfurt, spending his hard-earned gains helping young, beautiful women through schools and universities. The wolf changes its fur, not his character. It didn’t matter to me; I was retired.</p>
<p>I decided to spend a week every couple of months in Dubai and a month a year in Monaco, but most of my time would be spent with my women and kids in Belle Mare, enjoying the fruits of my labour. It would take another decade to build the estate. New villas were opening every day, with new families moving in, meeting the neighbours, and making new friends.</p>
<p>The club, a former hotel, was always occupied, serving great food and drinks by gorgeous ladies, all of whom worked for me directly or one of my women. Since we got rid of local staff, I relaxed the rules on wearing swimwear. It was common for the girls to swim or sunbathe in the nude with no risk of someone from the outside snapping some pictures, making The Club one of the worst-kept secrets in the community of multimillionaires. It made just over five hundred million in yearly membership alone. We were making so much money that we didn’t know what to do with it, but the girls somehow found new and very profitable opportunities.</p>
<p>“Opportunities multiply as they are seized,” the quote went. Sometimes, I wish Sun Tzu was still alive. He would make a great teacher for my children.</p>
<p>Sometimes, I would sit by the beach watching dawn and think about my life, remembering my friend Jack and all the books I’ve read, what I learned, and how it changed me. My girls would sit next to me, and I would tell them stories. It was the faith, belief, and connection with something greater that connects us to the universe, to each other, and to ourselves.</p>
<p>The girls adored the story of Origin, the religion from the books Jack recommended. It all began as a prank, but as time passed, more and more girls joined in. Over the months that followed, it became a custom for my girls to walk out onto the beach at dawn to welcome the sun, humming the frequency of the world waking up and feeling grateful for the gift of light, the gift of life, the gift of love, the gift of children, and all the other blessings that most of us take for granted. One by one, they all found faith.</p>
<p>“Why did you choose me?” I asked Cassie one day. We walked on the beach at sunset, holding hands while the kids ran behind us, playing in the sand and finding little shells to collect. I knew it wasn’t for my looks, status or money. That was common in The Chamber. She looked into my eyes, giggled like a child, licked my cheek and ran off while I chased her like we were playing tag.</p>
<p>“I saw who you are inside,” Cassie said, still breathing heavily from the chase. “It was the strength of your character, capability to love, intelligence, and honesty. I saw all that you could be.” Cassie could take any guy and make him successful and wealthy. She knew the right people and had all the contacts.</p>
<p>“You are a strange character, Jim. You never cared about money or wealth—about your kids, loving and being loved. Money to you was always like a high score in a game. You got it because you could, and it meant nothing to you. It could buy you nothing you valued.” Cassie waved, pointing with her hand at everything I created.</p>
<p>“This is all just a game for you, an entertainment. I took you for who you are inside. I saw the man you wanted to become and fell in love.” I pulled her into my arms and kissed her, loving her more than ever. Cassie was always the astute one who never spoke in long sentences. All of the women I loved gave me something special. They invested themselves in my dream and made it real.</p>
<p>Life can be a cruel game, and relationships can sometimes be the same. At the end of the day, when you remove society, all those masks, and strip all the paints we are coloured with, what is left is who we are underneath, the nature without nurture, inside our DNA.</p>
<p>I tried to analyse it this way or another, but whichever formula I used was unbalanced. In the end, the only thing a woman has to offer to a man is not companionship or physical intimacy, like what some were trying to brainwash us to believe. It is a child, a family. Kids are the only true thing we have to offer to each other.</p>
<p>Suppose I were a rich man who could afford big houses, yachts, and abundant gorgeous women. What is the one thing that differentiates one from another? Sooner or later, it all becomes a blur and loses its meaning. It is possible to get bored with French cuisine and desire something simple like ice cream.</p>
<p>It is the children. It was always them. They are the ones that make the equation balanced. I didn’t know if a god existed, but I found my faith. I may live through the lives of my future grandchildren. Imagine the beauty, the art and science, the culture they would develop someday. None of this would be possible without having children. It was the only worthwhile investment in life, even if they end up hating you in the end because it isn’t even about us, but about them.</p>
<p> </p>
<div class="center">***</div>
<p> </p>
<p>Life continues predictably, with each day bringing us its rewards and challenges. We loved each other more with every passing moment. We brought children into this world, fed them and clothed them, raised them, and taught them, gave them faith. Most of my girls fell pregnant again, even Lana and Luna, who each gave me triplets, three sons and three daughters. Tara gave me two healthy boys. She was pregnant again and wanted more.</p>
<p>While girls would stand on the beach at dawn, I would go for a walk to watch the sunrise and listen to the hum of the sea and the world awakening to the new day. Sometimes, I think and remember the road I took to get here, walking barefoot on the beach, feeling white coral sand slip between my toes, tasting an exotic tropical cocktail in the morning air, like a rum punch with coconut milk and the slightest tinge of salt on a sea breeze. It made me lick my lips, instantly drunk on life.</p>
<p>My mind would go back to the lottery ticket. I had it framed and hanging on the wall of my home. It always made me smile how, like a butterfly effect, a single flap of the wings could change the universe. That losing ticket won me something incredible. I remember looking at it and imagining what would have happened if I had won millions with it.</p>
<p>The ticket made me realize that there were other ways. It dared me to imagine a world where everything could be different. If all of this was an illusion and the world was like a computer game, there was a way to bend the rules and shoot for a high score. My imagination changed everything for me, and I had an epiphany. Anything is possible if you can imagine it.</p>
<p>I saw Nathan running towards me with wide-open eyes and a big smile. He was the most curious of all my kids and had just turned five.</p>
<p>“What are you doing daddy?” I rustled his hair, picked up a driftwood stick, and stood by the water.</p>
<p>“I am fishing for the moon made of cheese,” I said, and Nathan looked into the ocean for a minute.</p>
<p>“I can see it, Daddy. It’s there.“ He pointed his little finger. I pointed mine and traced an imaginary line.</p>
<p>“Can you see the boy riding a golden whale over there?“ Nathan squealed, clapping his hands. I hugged him closer, and we sat on the sand, watching the angels in diamond dresses dance ballet on the waves.</p>
<p>“I love you, Daddy,” Nathan said, and I kissed his little blonde head.</p>
<p>“I love you too, my son.” This was all I ever wanted from life.</p>
<p>“Power tends to corrupt, and absolute power corrupts absolutely. Great men are almost always bad men, even when they exercise influence and not authority.” Lord Acton’s wise words echoed through my conscience, and I chuckled, rustling Nathan’s hair, and looked far into the distance. There is no light without darkness or joy without pain. You can’t have a rainbow without a little rain.</p>

</body>
</html>
